Apart from his scientific interests he was acquainted with Tagore 's work, with French and German literature and music.
"For me, I have sought safety with my Lord and your Lord, against your injuring me.
For them will be Gardens of Eternity; beneath them rivers will flow; they will be adorned therein with bracelets of gold, and they will wear green garments of fine silk and heavy brocade: They will recline therein on raised thrones. How good the recompense! How beautiful a couch to recline on!
Later I heard that he fined each of the constables Rs 5 which was paid to the so - called offenders.
Said the eminent ones who were arrogant among his people, "We will surely evict you, O Shu 'ayb, and those who have believed with you from our city, or you must return to our religion." He said, "Even if we were unwilling?"
Keeping in view the importance and need of recording in the field of literature, Sahitya Akademi started a project of Archives of Indian Literature from March 1997.
On some He bestows both sons and daughters, and some He leaves issueless. He is all - knowing and all - powerful.
In computer networking, Routing table is an electronic table or database type object that is stored in a router or a networked computer.
These two are not to be seen in any of the Pallava cave - temples, till they make their first appearance in the structural temples of Rajasimha Pallava - LRB - 700 - 725 - RRB - as, for example, in the Kailasanatha at Kanchi.
Also, ramping up production across product lines will help to serve big markets in the US, EU, China and elsewhere.
What is now required is a conscious effort to promote the forces of unity and to put down those of division and disunity.
Many Indian political parties and Indian revolutionaries from all over the country united to observe the day with honour and pride.
[The Day] when Allah will say, "O Jesus, Son of Mary, remember My favor upon you and upon your mother when I supported you with the Pure Spirit and you spoke to the people in the cradle and in maturity; and [remember] when I taught you writing and wisdom and the Torah and the Gospel; and when you designed from clay [what was] like the form of a bird with My permission, then you breathed into it, and it became a bird with My permission; and you healed the blind and the leper with My permission; and when you brought forth the dead with My permission; and when I restrained the Children of Israel from [killing] you when you came to them with clear proofs and those who disbelieved among them said," This is not but obvious magic. "
We divided the descendants of Israel into twelve tribes and told Moses to strike the rock with his staff to let twelve fountains gush out therefrom; his people had asked him to supply them with water. The twelve flowing springs were divided among them (a spring for each tribe) and each tribe knew its drinking place well. We provided them with shade from the clouds, sent down manna and quails to them for food, and told them to eat the pure things which We had given them. They did not do injustice to Us but they wronged themselves.
Serving as Prime Minister for around 16 years, Indiraji was a key architect of modern India.
And the People on the Left: and how miserable will be the People on the Left!
Those whom the angels cause to die (when they are) good. They say: Peace be unto you! Enter the Garden because of what ye used to do.
We have never assigned immortality to a human before you, therefore, if you yourself die, will they live for ever?
% {PRODUCT _ NAME} has blocked access to this page on% {HOST _ NAME}.% {PRODUCT _ NAME}
The facilities that are being made available on a daily basis are Yoga Classes, Board Games such as Carrom, Ludo and Chess, newspapers and magazines, Television and Radio, community singing and counselling Services.
During the early part of his life at Gauhati, he used to take regular physical exercises.
The greatest mistake you can make in this life is to continually fear you will make one.
We did not send you except as a bearer of good news and warner to all mankind, but most people do not know.
For Muslims the prayers and experiences for these hard times of eight years are not the important part of Khuran
In India this covers a wide field and there are few departments of life which cannot be connected with religion.
Provided that the provisions of this sub-section shall not apply to any return furnished for the assessment year commencing on or after the 1st day of April, 2017.]
Hon 'ble Chief Justice of India, AIR 1996 SC 2481]. * * Defamation: * * The right to free speech and expression does not entitle a citizen to defame a person.
Before long, they will represent the ever - growing breed of young people who are forcing banks to change banking.
(c)  having within the four years preceding that year been in India for a period or periods amounting in all to three hundred and sixty-five days or more, is in India for a period or periods amounting in all to sixty days or more in that year.
India, with her population base, offers a great opportunity for business in the area of oral healthcare.
It is indeed a happy occasion for me to be present amidst you on the International Day of Older Persons.
Walter Lippmann had this in mind when he wrote in Washington Post: 'Perhaps Britain' s finest hour is not in the past.
The former was a Greek,, and ithe author of a work on astronomy, the Paulisa Siddhanta.
It was the bitingly cold month of December of the year 1704 A. D. On reaching Sirsa, the Guru met his mother and his two younger sons and entrusted a devout Sikh to take them to Delhi, to where his wives had already left.
We have seen earlier how Basava reacted in certain situations, for example, when his cows were stolen.
Nay, but whosoever hath done evil and his sin surroundeth him; such are rightful owners of the Fire; they will abide therein.
Musalman has a belief that the last messages was written in Quran from the holly messages send by god
I once again compliment everyone associated with this noble venture and wish them the very best for the future.
The then Maharao of Boondi, Bahadursingh was elder brother of Rajasthan Union 's state - chief Bhimsingh, for this reason he resented the fact that he was working under the headship of his younger brother.
Pre - disbursement stageThe letter of intent (LOI) for sanction of financial assistance is issued with certain terms and conditions.
And if they belie you (O Muhammad SAW), so were belied the Prophets before them, (by) the people of Nuh (Noah), 'Ad and Thamud,
(vi) any sum received under a Keyman insurance policy including the sum allocated by way of bonus on such policy.
Recent studies clearly show that he was quite wrong in describing Guru Arjun 's execution as not a case of religious persecution, but merely the customary punishment of a political offender.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said Foreign Service Officers are the spokespersons, interpreters and narrators of India’s story to the world.
Lo! as for those who believe not in the Hereafter, We have made their works fairseeming unto them so that they are all astray.
Once again Friends, I hope you get well very soon and let's together move ahead with this idea of ​​discipline and cooperation.
When it was said that the promise of God is true and that the Hour would inevitably come, you said, "We do not know what the Hour of Doom is, we are suspicious about it and we are not convinced".
To Him is your return, of all (of you); the promise of Allah (made) in truth; surely He begins the creation in the first instance, then He reproduces it, that He may with justice recompense those who believe and do good; and (as for) those who disbelieve, they shall have a drink of hot water and painful punishment because they disbelieved.
The law requires everyone to ware seat belts (including rear seat belts) where they are available.
O believers, when believing women come over to you as refugees, then examine them. God alone is cognisant of their faith. If you find that they are believers, do not send them back to unbelievers. They are not lawful for them, nor are infidels lawful for believing women. Give the unbelievers what they have spent on them. There is no sin if you marry them provided you give their dowers to them. Do not retain your (marriage) ties with unbelieving women. Ask for the return of what you have spent (on them); and the unbelievers should ask for the return of what they have spent. This is the judgement of God. He judges between you. God is all - knowing and all - wise.
30. After section 80P of the Income-tax Act, the following section shall be inserted with effect from the 1st day of April, 2019, namely:—
Maharashtra (External website that opens in a new window) - Horticulture involves the cultivation of fruits like banana, fig, grapes, custard apple, wood apple, jhambul, pomegranate, mandarin orange, guava and sweet orange.
To safeguard the interests and rights of senior citizens, the Government has framed various acts and rules.
India and Belarus have a long history of friendship and multi - faceted cooperation for mutual benefit.
As a strange footnote, it might be mentioned that today Badruddin Tyabji 's reputation stands extremely high among the Muslims in the north although his advice was little regarded during his lifetime.
And if your Lord had pleased He would certainly have made people a single nation, and they shall continue to differ.
This consciousness of the manifold phenomena converging on a central point which gives them reality and life is essentially the religious experience.
The child was as pretty as' the rays of the moon 'arid was a' generous donor of sweet smiles' to all those who fondled him.
A few particles of the reddish - brown spray fell on the reverse of one of the cards.
Enjoin ye righteousness upon mankind while ye yourselves forget (to practise it)? And ye are readers of the Scripture! Have ye then no sense?
In the event of loss of money and / or credit cards, you must notify the police within 2 hours.
As for those who have honoured the treaty you made with them and who have not supported anyone against you: fulfill your agreement with them to the end of their term. God loves those who are righteous.
Well, I 've got about thirty rupees, so we don' t have to worry too much about moneynot yet, anyway.
Did you see him who gives the lie to the Reward and Punishment of the Hereafter?
He said that the Government aims to bring high speed fibre-optic connectivity in every village over the next three years.
These tireless predators know precisely where to look for and how to overpower and kill the 'agricultural pests', a knowledge which man still cannot claim to possess in full.
They ask you (O Muhammad (Peace be upon him)) about the Hour, - when will be its appointed time?
70% of value of land mortgaged as collateral security and 100% value of other securities like assignment of LIC Policy (Surrender value), pledge of NSCs / Bank’s TDRs / Gold ornaments (WHERE MOVABLE ASSETS ARE NOT CREATED OUT OF BANK FINANCE).
It was only in 2002 that education was made a fundamental right in the 86th amendment to the Constitution.
(b) the details of each constituent entity of the group including the country or territory in which such constituent entity is incorporated or organised or established and the country or territory where it is resident;
If good befalls you (O Muhammad SAW), it grieves them, but if a calamity overtakes you, they say: "We took our precaution beforehand," and they turn away rejoicing.
Those who are Godwary are in no way accountable for them, but this is merely for admonition’s sake, so that they may beware.
Another account states that leaders of the Kamma and other communities rescued him from captivity but still, being ashamed of his defeat and captivity, though for a short time, he committed suicide on the banks of the Godavary.
The Constitution makers were conscious that language transition in all the fields may not be possible by 1965.
His students love to think of him as they saw him on the class - room platform.
Though in the present circumstances of India, Gandhi happens to be a political revolutionary who refuses to accept tyranny or acquiesce in slavery, he is far from the uncompromising type of revolutionary whose abstractions force men into unnatural and inhuman shapes.
It is no wonder then that we, in India, attach great sentiment to our unique friendship with the people of South Africa.
Not sure of the outcome of the ceremony, the hero had wanted to run away, but he could not do so.
Imagine the conseq - ence if such a hole, as big as the area of a city, is created and maintained for as short a duration as 4 minutes.
God protected him against their evil plans and the people of the Pharaoh were struck by the most horrible torment.
A few factories have come up in India which employ men and women under one roof, but essentially it is a cottage industry.
The Day they are thrust toward the fire of Hell with a [violent] thrust, [its angels will say],
Subsequently they were awarded partly on the basis of a written examination and partly on research.
Even though you ask no recompense (for it). It is only a warning for all mankind.
Thus we see the world divided up into two vast groups today 葉he imperialist and fascist on one side, the socialist and nationalist on the other.
If you stop work before you reach state pension age, you may be able to get Jobseeker 's Allowance.
The responsibility for carrying out this specific provision relating to the use of Tungabhadra waters has been entrusted to the Tungabhadra Board by the Tribunal.
These! For them will be 'Adn (Eden) Paradise (everlasting Gardens); wherein rivers flow underneath them, therein they will be adorned with bracelets of gold, and they will wear green garments of fine and thick silk. They will recline therein on raised thrones. How good is the reward, and what an excellent Murtafaqa (dwelling, resting place, etc.)!
And what struck you on the day the two armies met was by permission of Allah that He might make evident the [true] believers.
Do they not know that Allah accepts repentance from His servants and takes the alms, and that Allah is the Oft - returning (to mercy), the Merciful?
I was in my boat, trying to get across the river with the news that the village was flooded.
Many lines in this sort of poems are even to - day household utterances in families in Gujarat.
On that day, hell will be brought closer and the human being will come to his senses, but this will be of no avail to him.
And do not be of those who deny the signs of Allah, [for] then you shall be among the losers.
In respect of permission to new comers in non - traditional tea growing area, in other than non - traditional area (upto 10. 12 ha.) and also estates above 10. 12 hectares the figures were 11, 351 and 4 respectively.
Those early pioneers travelled to the remotest parts of the country, instilled values and ideals in young minds and dedicated entire lifetimes to the noble calling of teaching.
She, then, sent Shri Shrinivas Rao, a vakil, to Dharwar to start negotiations with the British to explore the possibilities of an amicable settlement.
According to them, Chaitanya 's physical frame had nothing material in it and so it was merged into the image of Lord Jagan - natha at the temple of Puri.
4 Ten years later, Gandhi launched the Civil Disobedience movement in 1930, which differed substantially from the earlier Non - co - operation movement, though the goal remained the same.
The Shore Temples at Mahabalipuram, a coastal village 50 km south of Madras, was built in the 7th century, during the reign of Rajasimha, and they depict the final flowering of Pallava art.
The reason of this decay was that Sind was practically cut off from the rest of India.
Now, Rama realised that the deer was part of a deeper plot, of which Lakshmana had forewarned him.
And should you stumble after the manifest proofs that have come to you, know that Allah is all - mighty, all - wise.
Now We had forbidden to him aforetime to be suckled by any foster - mother; therefore she said, 'Shall I direct you to the people of a household who will take charge of him for you and look after him?'
Work being done in our labs on Corona vaccine is being keenly observed by the world and we are hopeful too.
(a) At Prime Minister's Office, South Block, in cash and through postal order, cheque or demand draft drawn in favour of the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund and through BHIM App/UPI (VPA : pmnrf@centralbank) .
Characterization also involves body movement, pantomime and improvised speech, all related to the total expression of the characters in a dramatic situation.
Difference machine was an automatic, mechanical calculator consisting of rods and wheels, it was designed by charles babbage
A man - on - the - job apparently confessed, we made a lot of mistakes.
Speaking on the occasion, the President noted with appreciation that Dr B.R. Ambedkar had attained senior public positions and acclaim on the basis of his extraordinary educational achievements, despite facing conditions of deprivation and inequality.
They said: "O Minister, he has an aged father, so keep one of us in his place. We see you are a virtuous man."
But obviously the unfavourable climate and uncongenial social atmosphere could not be expected to attract great scholars and artists from England and other Western countries to help build a genuine Western culture.
That is because God is the protector of the believers, and those who deny the truth have no protector at all.
Nobody from Bengal had been elected President since Deshbandhu Chitta - ranjan at Gaya in 1922.
Prime Minister, in his address, highlighted the imperative of a reformed multilateralism to meet the expectation of a world suffering from the social and financial after-effects of the pandemic.
O ye who believe! Call in remembrance the favour of Allah unto you when certain men formed the design to stretch out their hands against you, but (Allah) held back their hands from you: so fear Allah. And on Allah let believers put (all) their trust.
There are a number of hydro - electric projects on the rivers of Yamuna, Bhagirathi, Bhilangana, Alaknanda, Mandakini, Saryu Gauri, Kosi and Kali generating electricity.
The programme enacts real life situations like interviews, social gatherings etc., to convey appropriate ways of introducing ourselves.
Summing up his whole outlook, Kreidie has said that for American Arabs and Muslims, working with the FBI is “a waste of time. ” < s > How, then, did this anti - counterterrorism, anti - Bush, anti - Ashcroft, anti - FBI figure exactly help in “identifying, preventing and disrupting acts of terrorism”? Presented with this record of Kreidie 's remarks, the Philadelphia FBI office declined to comment. < s > When a leading law enforcement agency like the FBI is so politically exposed that it rewards those who attack it, winning the war on terror appears increasingly remote. The police need to do their work and not hobble themselves by honoring their opponents.
em. The themes selected for this Conference will, I am sure, stimulate interesting dialogue and propagation of knowledge.
Whenever We sent a messenger before you to warn a township, the affluent among them said, in the same way, "We saw our fathers following this tradition; we are only following in their footsteps."
At the same time, the Prime Minister of Pakistan has the cheek to proffer his hand of friendship to India and to boast that so far Pakistan has been alone in extending the hand of friendship.
If one could see in the dark one would have noticed that his eyes were glittering like the eyes of a beast.
Moreover make sure you cover your head, hands, and legs properly if you have to wait for a train or bus outside in cold air.
Indeed (many) Messengers were mocked before you (O Muhammad SAW), but the scoffers were surrounded by that, whereat they used to mock.
The group met with Ahmet Davutoğlu, foreign policy advisor to Prime Minister Erdoğan. < s > Actions that confirm one 's doubts about the AKP having changed goals since it came to power in late 2002 include attempts to criminalize adultery, to transform religious instruction at public schools into propaganda for Islam, and to loosen the penalties against free - lance Koranic instruction. Condemning Christianity as a polytheistic religion and purging members of the Alevi minority from the government' s Religious Directorate also raise red flags. 2002
My Protector is God who sent down the Book, and He takes into His protection the righteous.
Prompt when user tries to send HTML mail to recipients that may not want to receive HTML mail.
“And seek the abode of the Hereafter with the wealth that Allah has given you, and do not forget your part in this world, and do favours (to others) the way Allah has favoured you, and do not seek to cause turmoil in the earth; indeed Allah does not like the mischievous. ”
Ballot papers are printed with the names of the candidates (in languages set by the Election Commission) and the symbols allotted to each of the candidates.
The heroine, Madhuri, and her mother live at the latter 's brother' s house, because Madhuri 's father Bikram Singh is employed at Kanpur and her maternal uncle, Thakar Krishan Dev Singh, has no issue of his own.
The requirement that the recessive gene under discussion be rare, specified in the preceding statement is important.
However, a simpler line of twisted rolls of the fabric itself is more in evidence with hardly arty of the complications of intertwining the hair with the turban cloth.
The Ministry of Social Justice & Empowerment provides assistance to State Governments / UT Administrations for establishment and maintenance of observation homes, juvenile homes, special homes and after - care institutions for neglected and delinquent juveniles.
In today’s fast-paced world, role of media, both in printed and electronic forms, is critical in leveraging furthering these goals.
When it was said to them: 'Dwell in this village, and eat of whatever you please; and say, "Unburdening" and enter the gate prostrating, We will forgive you your sins and increase the gooddoers'
The cable ran from Valentia Bay near the south - west tip of Ireland to Newfoundland and then on to Canada.
Cast down thy staff. 'And when he saw it quivering like a serpent he turned about, retreating, and turned not back.' Moses, fear not; surely the Envoys do not fear in My presence,
Say: 'Bring those witnesses of yours who can testify that Allah has forbidden this' If they testify to it, do not testify with them, nor follow the wishes of those who belie Our verses, and disbelieve in the Everlasting Life and ascribe equals to their Lord.
On that day (all) tidings will be dimmed for them, nor will they ask one of another,
We the people of Kashi call the auspicious Kartik month, which is considered as a special month of gods, as Katiki Punwasi.
Some of the selected images can 't be moved to the trash and will be removed permanently. Are you sure you want to proceed?
Could not configure Exchange account because an unknown error occurred. Check the URL, username, and password, and try again.
Though this latter movement was not very popular in Hindu society and was weakened by internal quarrels which divided it into two sub - sects, it rendered valuable service.
A situation in which the promissed effect of coverage (of a policy) is cancelled or denied
Mumtaz Mahal 's tomb is located in the middle of the internal class, whose rectangular marble base, 1. 5 meters wide and is 2. 5 meters tall
The result has been that Trivedi has been able to do precious little about the reorganisation of Police.
In other words the Vishaka Committee was perceived as a Complaint Centric Mechanism and not one whereby the accused / alleged harrasser was to be afforded a forum to clear his name.
The chief building material, the white marble was brought from the quarries of Makrana, in district Nagaur, Rajasthan.
Important issues concerning the Jati and serious disputes are taken up for consideration in these bodies.
Say: 'Had there been angels walking at peace in the earth, We would have sent down an angel from heaven to them as a Messenger'
It is also well known for its trekking and hiking trails - an ideal spot, for adventure lovers.
They have not formed a true estimate of Allah. Indeed, Allah is All - Powerful, All - Mighty.
It is a mistake to think, as many are apt to think, that the object of a supramental Yoga is to arrive at a mighty magnificence of supermanhood, a divine power and greatness, the self - fulfilment of a magnified individual personality.
53. Regulation and development of oilfields and mineral oil resources; petroleum and petroleum products; other liquids and substances declared by Parliament by law to be dangerously inflammable.
But to those who commit evil out of ignorance and then repent and amend their ways, thereafter your Lord will be Much Forgiving, Most Merciful.
But how will it be when misfortune befalls them on account of what their hands have sent before? Then they will come to you swearing by Allah: We did not desire (anything) but good and concord.
Lions have a potential life span of 20 to 30 years, but they rarely reach this age in the wild.
(8) Where any goods held for the purposes of the business of the industrial undertaking or the hotel or the operation of the ship or the business of repairs to ocean-going vessels or other powered craft are transferred to any other business carried on by the assessee, or where any goods held for the purposes of any other business carried on by the assessee are transferred to the business of the industrial undertaking or the hotel or the operation of the ship or the business of repairs to ocean-going vessels or other powered craft and, in either case, the consideration, if any, for such transfer as recorded in the accounts of the business of the industrial undertaking or the hotel or the operation of the ship or the business of repairs to ocean-going vessels or other powered craft does not correspond to the market value of such goods as on the date of the transfer, then, for the purposes of the deduction under this section, the profits and gains of the industrial undertaking or the business of the hotel or the operation of the ship or the business of repairs to ocean-going vessels or other powered craft shall be computed as if the transfer, in either case, had been made at the market value of such goods as on that date :
(3) travel and stay abroad of one attendant who accompanies the patient in connection with such treatment, subject to the condition that—
To make these aerosols fall to the ground, the droplets or crystals must grow in size enough to overcome the buoyancy of air.
These users will be able to send mail on your behalf and access your folders with the permissions you give them.
This perceived high - handedness was a factor behind his six year political exile from Gujarat - he first offended Shankersinh Vaghela and, subsequently, Keshubhai Patel.
Ahmedabad is an important centre of textile industry and many of its wealthy citizens had persuaded Gandhi to set up his ashram there, promising donations for its upkeep.
That is the recompense of God 's enemies - - the Fire, wherein they shall have the Abode of Eternity as a recompense, for that they denied Our signs.
In natural mating, the male: female ratio is 1: 5 for medium type turkeys and 1: 3 for large types.
Remember the Day whereon He shall assemble you, the Day of Assembly; that shall be the Day of Mutual Loss and Gain. And whosoever believeth in Allah and worketh righteously from him He will expiate His misdeeds and will make him enter Gardens whereunder rivers flow, as abiders therein for evermore. That is the mighty achievement.
A third type of error is well illustrated by the following amusing anecdote I once read in the writings of Charles De Garno, an American Herbartian.
Raja Rammohun Roy is campaigning for the abolition of Sati ', and Pandit Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar for the remarriage of widows.
Metro projects are being adopted by more and more cities in a bid to provide fast, secure and affordable urban connectivity.
The Bengal Hurkaru reported in its issue of June 19, 1835, that at the Town Hall meeting on the previous afternoon, Dwarkanath Tagore pleaded strongly for the establishment of the Fever Hospital and urged the wealthy to make liberal donations.
Manilal defended the principles of the Society and appealed to the critics to discriminate between the institution and the truth for which it stood before passing judgement on its worth.
As there was only one more seat available on the plane, Netaji took Habib - ur Rahman with him leaving the rest to follow him.
He discerns a wide range of motives on the part of the Yishuv 's Palestinian allies: economic gain, class or tribal interests, nationalist ambitions, fear or hatred of the Husseini faction, personal ethics, neighborliness, or individual friendships. Against those who would call these individuals “collaborators” or even “traitors, ” he argues that they actually understood the situation more astutely than Husseini and the rejectionists: accommodationists presciently realized that the Zionist project was too strong to resist and that attempting to do so would lead to destruction and exile, so they made peace with it.
The criteria for evaluation and evaluation procedure will be part of call document Interested applicants may apply against the call.
On August 23, 2014, the President will inaugurate a new building of Domkal Girls’ College at Domkal.He will also address students of Krishnath College at Berhampore and inaugurate the 6thEdition of KKM Memorial Gold Cup- Rural Football Tournament at Jangipur on the same day.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that his vision of the Police for future India is not that of only a law enforcing body, but of a pro-active service provider, a partner in growth, development and peace.
The approximate export and import figures of the seamless steel pipes and tubes industry for the year 2006 - 07 were Rs. 1192. 4 crore and Rs. 2646. 5 crore, respectively.
Again at Rudraprayag which is 131 K. M. away from Rishikesh the Alaknanda merges with the Mandakini.
The Jews and the Christians will never be satisfied with you, O Muhammad, until you follow their way. Tell them plainly, "The right way is shown by Allah." And if, after all the 'knowledge you have received, you were to yield to their desires, you shall find neither any friend nor helper to protect you from Allah' s wrath.
A pregnant woman suffering from stomach ache can be given a mixture of sagargota, salt, asafoetida hing and ajwain Carum copiticuni.
All work relating to applications and appeals addressed to the Grievance Redressal Committee and the Grievance Redressal Appellate Committee of the Organisation.
Most importantly, the elderly should be encouraged to get out of a 'retirement mentality' and think about old age as a second inning, an opportunity to complete so many unfinished tasks and expand horizons, to look beyond the self and the family and work for community.
A magnetic storage in which data are magnetically recorded on the surface of thin flexible cards.
You will presently hear what the Advocate General has to say and after him His Lordship will address you.
The teaching and learning are participatory, making full use of Mayan lan - guages and culture.
He changed it to iDlue eyes' and various shades of golden hair were just turned into 'golden hair'.
Actually in this novel Siyaramsharan wishes to tell the story of the troubles and tribulations of village women who have to struggle hard.
The next stage in the tectonic evolution of the Indian Platform is marked by the Paleogene sedimentation.
The house was physically divided into a man 's section and a woman' s section葉he mardana and the zanana.
The fear of birth and the desire of escape from birth must entirely fall away from us.
O Yea! whosoever earnoth vice and his sin hath encompassed him, those shall be the fellows of the Fire, as abiders therein.
On 20 February 1919, Gandhiji wrote a letter to the Viceroy 's Private Secretary informing him of his possible course of actionSatyagrahaagainst the Rowlatt Bill.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has greeted teachers throughout the country on the eve of Teachers’ Day.
I am confident that this Congress, which I am told is being attended by over 9000 delegates from all over the world, will find solutions for providing greater medical access to the needy.
She heard the blows and the thunder as from afar, and slipped to the floor, holding on to the polished cover of the sewing machine with one hand and her little case in the other.
The association of the warehouses into the shopping chain was a big merger in the trading history of the town.
NPC’s major activities are primarily focused on developing human resources: people who can act as catalysts within the productivity movement of Indian economy.
Indeed those to whom Our promise of goodness has been made, have been kept far away from hell.
The chiefs of those who disbelieved from among his people said: Most surely we see you in folly, and most surely we think you to be of the liars.
On the positive side, the movement gave a stimulus to cottage industries and even large - scale enterprises of various sorts.
Ramalinga moves from Madras to Karun - guzhi, near Marudur, visiting shrines like Sirhazhi and Vaithiswaran Koil on the way.
And We bestowed on him his brother Harun (Aaron), (also) a Prophet, out of Our Mercy.
A society takes the form of a creative enterprise when educated masses, with their interlinked rivers of thoughts and ideas, give rise to a sea of innovations.
We sent Noah to his people and he lived with them for nine hundred and fifty years, then the flood engulfed them for their injustice.
Of the two stalwarts, Tembe was the first to terminate his partnership and quit the troupe in sheer disgust.
(a) assume to himself all or any of the functions of the Government of the State and all or any of the powers vested in or exercisable by the Governor or any body or authority in the State other than the Legislature of the State;
This water beetle rows itself along with the help of its flattened oar - like hind legs.
To Allah belongs the Finest Names, so call Him by them, and keep away from those who pervert them. They shall be recompensed for the things they did.
Then he is of those who believe and charge one another to show patience, and charge one another to show compassion.
And rush towards forgiveness from your Lord, and towards a Paradise that can hold all the heavens and the earth in its width – prepared for the pious.
Or, who is it that shall be your host to help you, other than the Merciful? Indeed, the unbelievers are only deluded.
President Ghani said despite difficulties, Afghanistan can be a critical partner for India for the project of building an integrated Asian powerhouse that is to come.
The overall goal of the project is to facilitate a higher income and increased economic benefits through improved conditions of natural resources.
Kshitindranath was known for his soft palette and the grace and lyrical quality of his drawing.
Friends, since the introduction of the National Education Policy, there has been a very strong discussion regarding the language of instruction/teaching for children?
I tried Kuhne 's hip baths, which gave some relief but did not completely cure me. in the meantime the German who had a vegetarian restaurant, or some other friend, I forget who, placed in my hands Just' s Return to Nature.
When any affliction befalls man, he cries out to his Lord, penitently turning to Him. But when his Lord bestows His favour upon him, he forgets the affliction regarding which he had cried out and sets up compeers to Allah that they may lead others astray from His Path. Say, (O Prophet): “Enjoy your unbelief for a while. Surely you will be among the inmates of the Fire. ”
And do not be like the woman broke her thread into bits after she had manufactured it; you make your oaths a phoney excuse between yourselves lest one nation may not be more than the other; Allah just tries you with it; and He will surely clarify for you on the Day of Resurrection, the matters in which you differed.
There will be no kindred relations nor any opportunity to ask about others or seek their assistance after the trumpet has sounded.
Oil has a tendency to spread over the surface of water, thus inhibiting the diffusion of oxygen into water.
The day We shall usher the righteous before Ar - Rahman like envoys into the presence of a king,
(B) entity referred to in sub-clause (A) has entered into an agreement with the Central Government or a State Government or a local authority or any other statutory body for developing or operating and maintaining or developing, operating and maintaining, a new infrastructure facility.
He said: "It was she that sought to seduce me - from my (true) self." And one of her household saw (this) and bore witness, (thus): - "If it be that his shirt is rent from the front, then is her tale true, and he is a liar!
With the development of additional storage and marketing infrastructure by PACS, warehousing corporations and marketing federations / corporations / cooperatives, many State Marketing Federations / Corporations / Cooperatives have scaled up the marketing support to the farmers through PACS being primary aggregators at ground level.
And because of their saying (in boast), "We killed Messiah 'Iesa (Jesus), son of Maryam (Mary), the Messenger of Allah," - but they killed him not, nor crucified him, but the resemblance of' Iesa (Jesus) was put over another man (and they killed that man), and those who differ therein are full of doubts. They have no (certain) knowledge, they follow nothing but conjecture. For surely; they killed him not [i. e. 'Iesa (Jesus), son of Maryam (Mary)]:
(4) A Bill pending in the Council of States which has not been passed by the House of the People shall not lapse on a dissolution of the House of the People.
Breed calendars for 30 breeds of indigenous cattle and 10 breeds of indigenous buffalo were developed.
I greet all my Muslim brothers and sisters on the occasion of the commencement of the holy month of Ramzan.
paracite resistance character of plant and disease causing character of parasite are controlled by a pair of genes
I am very happy that today we are upgrading our bilateral relations to the Comprehensive Strategic Partnership level.
The Golden Threshold, p. 10 The Golden Threshold was not only hailed heartily in England, but India smiled with broad contentment at one of her daughters bursting forth into song.
If the wound is to the face, head, or neck, medical help should be sought immediately.
The infuriated people of his own kingdom insisted on the King, his father, banishing Vessantara to the forest with his wife and children.
Extinction of species has taken place over millions of years, long before the emergence of man.
We tried Solomon by placing upon his throne a [lifeless] body; and thereupon he turned towards Us].
The Sikkim State Co - operative Bank Ltd. (External website that opens in a new window)
Prices of articles to be imported have gone up and we are not able to get good quality imports.
The main plea of the Respondent which was not accepted by the learned single Judge was that there was no concluded contract.
But, on the other hand, if what we want here is a doing machinery, then the work has to be done by those who are already working in the field and who have experience of the difficulties as well as the needs in the various areas.
Because there came to him the blind man (i. e. 'Abdullah bin Umm - Maktum, who came to the Prophet (Peace be upon him) while he was preaching to one or some of the Quraish chiefs).
Rajaram and his men digged the bones of Akbar and ashed by firing, which was a issue of insult for Muslims.
Server Authorization directory (daemon / ServAuthDir) is set to% s but this is not a directory. Please correct GDM configuration and restart GDM.
The latter will then be able to take part in supplying the want of cloth in other parts of the world.
The study of folklore leads us to an assessment of the culture complex of a race and at the same time enthuses us about the human aspect of things.
How many a prophet there has been with whom a multitude of godly men fought. They did not falter for what befell them in the way of Allah, neither did they weaken, nor did they abase themselves; and Allah loves the steadfast.
Doubtless, your Majesty, if a man to whom you have entrusted your honour and your life, betrays your trust, he deserves to have his head cut off.
But what Ray faced in the period after Charulata was more than spiritual emptiness and exhaustion.
Realising that pesticides in cotton caused many of these problems, the organisation decided to work on the Non - Pesticidal Management (NPM).
He said, “Allah will surely bring that upon you if He wills, and you will not be able to escape. ”
Khosla had to resort to this roundabout method because of lack of direct measurements of rivers discharge.
Late Kazi Nazrul Islam 1899 - 1978, the rebel poet of Bengal, while he was a mere boy of ten or eleven used to compose lew a kind of rural song in vogue in the border districts of West Bengal for his village party of roving singers now and then.
I am told that he knows intimately every M. A. of any distinction and that there is none holding that degree from the Calcutta University with whom he is not acquainted.
Verily, those who give Sadaqat (i. e. Zakat and alms, etc.), men and women, and lend to Allah a goodly loan, it shall be increased manifold (to their credit), and theirs shall be an honourable good reward (i. e. Paradise).
The act of keeping something within specified bounds (by force if necessary) for limited time span.
You will be tested through your possessions and your persons; and you will hear from those who received the Scripture before you, and from the idol worshipers, much abuse. But if you persevere and lead a righteous life—that indeed is a mark of great determination.
And we do so at a time when the global economic scene is both complex and uncertain.
This operation will permanently erase all tasks marked as completed. If you continue, you will not be able to recover these tasks. Really erase these tasks?
But those who deny the truth and deny Our signs will become the inmates of Hell.
Yes, Partial Withdrawal facility is available for NPS Subscribers whereby Subscriber can opt for Withdrawal of certain amount out of his own contribution.
In support of the presence of foreigners, they give the example of the governor Tusappa who is referred to as a yavana.
“If you respect your job 's importance, it will probably return the favour. ” - L. D. Turner
He said that every word inscribed in the book is an article of faith that followers should bear in their hearts for life.
(b) may be withdrawn at any time by the administrator after obtaining instructions from the President in that behalf.
We have sent you as witness (of the truth) and harbinger of good news and a warner,
Economic rent is a process of charging rent on agricultural land according to quality of land.
The centre of Electromagnetics, Chennai of the then Department of Electronics (DOE) was merged with SAMEER in 1987.
Here are their homes, in ruins, on account of their iniquities. Surely in this is a sign for people who know.
There are many countries in the world who may benefit by such an unconventional warfare as indeed most of the contemporary wars are mainly aimed at ideological shifts one way or the other by precipitating crises situations of one kind or the other.
The likeness of the two parties is as one who is blind and deaf, and one that sees and hears, are they equally alike, will you not remember?
Gifted artists and educationists who had the benefit of an intimate contact with Meherally believed that Yusuf 's friendship had transformed itself into a creative force which gave Yusuf strength to return society' s frown with a cheerful disarming smile radiating sincerity and goodwill.
Those who will be gathered to Hell (prone) on their faces, such will be in an evil state, and most astray from the (Straight) Path.
Throughout that month he hardly concentrated on his work and by the evening he disappeared to be in some bihutoli or the other.
Has it not, then, become plain to those who have inherited the earth in the wake of the former generations that, had We so willed, We could have afflicted them for their sins, (they, however, are heedless to basic facts and so) We seal their hearts so that they hear nothing.
A blighted ovum usually occurs within the first trimester before a woman knows she is pregnant.
Our long-standing friendly relations are founded on the millennia-old cultural, religious and economic intercourse between our two regions, characterized by extensive people-to-people contacts and deep mutual respect.
Call (the pagans) to the path of your Lord through wisdom and good advice and argue with them in the best manner. God knows well about those who stray from His path and those who seek guidance.
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, will visit Telangana (Hyderabad) on December 19 and 20, 2017.
Indeed, We have sent you, [O Muhammad], with the truth as a bringer of good tidings and a warner, and you will not be asked about the companions of Hellfire.
The geological regions broadly follow the physical features, and may be grouped into three regions the Himalayas and their associated group of mountains, the Indo - Ganga Plain, and the Peninsular Shield.
Addressing the Indian community gathered from Benin, Niger and other African countries, the President said that much of what our two countries have achieved today, would not have been possible without the contribution of the vibrant Indian community in Benin.
For a breathtaking beautiful view of the Taj Mahal, one has to see it by moonlight.
But in the hurry to escape at the end, he got pierced in the neck with a bayonet, kept inside his boat.
He also inaugurated ‘Innovation and Incubation Centre – Technology Business Incubation’, ‘Translational Research Centre’  and ‘Sports Complex’ at the University.
God has indeed heard the words of the woman who pleads with you about her husband and lays her complaint before God: God hears what the two of you have to say. God is all hearing, all seeing.
My sense of happiness is redoubled by the awareness that I am visiting a place that has made India strong and self - confident.
When the city of Amritsar is infested with cholera, Bhai Prabudh Singh acts with an earnestness which is rare even in a professional social worker.
Every now and then despite his own busy life, he would send a word of encouragement or a message of approval to the young poetess.
To Allah only belongs whatsoever is in the heavens and in the earth; indeed Allah only is the Absolute, the Most Praiseworthy.
Mohan Singh was very much aware of the fact that a society torn by class conflicts is bound to go adrift on the sea of time.
Or lest ye should say: If the Scripture had been revealed unto us, we surely had been better guided than are they. Now hath there come unto you a clear proof from your Lord, a guidance and mercy; and who doeth greater wrong than he who denieth the revelations of Allah, and turneth away from them? We award unto those who turn away from Our revelations an evil doom because of their aversion.
India is committed to provide 'ease of doing business' to its youth, so they can focus on bringing ‘ease of living’ to the countrymen : PM
A bi - monthly bulletin Vinimaya is also being published from T & PES giving details of available foreign programmes, Karnatic and Hindustani music both vocal and instrumental and other forms of musical programmes, viz, orchestral compositions, stage songs, folk and tribal music, and spoken word programmes, i. e., features, plays, talks, opera and interviews, etc., for circulation among the AIR stations.
Suitable for varieties like Basumathi and Navara where good yield obtained would fetch premium price in the market
Reproductions in colour of some famous portraits of the poet by dstinguished artists add to the value of this publication
If you are entitled to contribution - based JSA, but your income is still below a certain level, you may be able to get income - based JSA. < s > How to claim see page 30.
It was stated in the application that it is in these circumstances that it had become necessary to move the application for amendment of the plaint.
It is good enough to talk of God whilst we are sitting here after a nice breakfast and looking forward to a nicer luncheon, but how am I to talk of God to the millions who have to go without two meals a day?
“There have been some people who really do go on the Saudi payroll, and they work as advisers and consultants. Prince Bandar is very good about massaging and promoting relationships like that. Money works wonders, and if you 've got an awful lot of it, and a royal title - well, it' s amusing to see how some Americans liquefy in front of a foreign potentate, just because he 's called a prince. ” “
And Abraham charged his sons with this and Jacob likewise: 'My sons, God has chosen for you the religion; see that you die not save in surrender.'
And those who disbelieve say unto those who believe: follow our way, and we shall surely bear your sins; whereas they shall not bear aught of their sins; verily they are the liars.
The recesses in between are filled with seated Navagrahas beginning with Ravi and ending with superimposed images of Ketu and Rahu.
Or, who made the earth habitable, and made rivers flow through it, and set mountains on it, and placed a partition between the two seas? Is there another god with God? But most of them do not know.
Tea is traditionally grown in Kangra and Mandi districts at an altitude of 1, 000 to 1, 500 metres.
Harijan, 28 - 8 - '37 Manual work will have to be the very centre of the whole thing.
The Guru explains maya or illusion in the traditional meaning, that not only the ignorant man with a limited vision, but even awakened souls have not been able to escape its effects.
. The regular India Postage Stamps were introduced in October 1854 during the tenure of Governor General Lord Dalhousie.
PRESIDENT OF INDIA HOSTS BANQUET IN HONOUR OF THE PRESIDENT OF IRAN; SAYS AS DEVELOPING NATIONS FACING SIMILAR CHALLENGES, INDIA AND IRAN HAVE MUCH TO SHARE AND GAIN FROM EACH OTHER
During the conversation, the President said that we are honoured by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s presence at our Republic Day and the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit.
You are allowed to take your lens prescription and buy your spectacles from wherever you want.
On getting the proposal, the speaker of the house forms a 3 member committee to look into the allegations. The chairman of the committee is a working judge of the Supreme Court, second is a working judge of any High Court and the third is an acknowledged Jurist. The investigation report of this committee is presented to the parliament. If the subject Judge is said to be a culprit in this report, then also the parliament is not bound to pass the motion, but if the committee dismisses the allegations, then the parliament cannot pass the motion. 2.
DEFRA stated that air pollution has a great impact on the health and convert use of easy index bending into daily warning system, which broadcast the information regarding the air pollution level on BBC by Weather service. DEFRA has published the guidelines for the people suffering from respiratory and heart diseases. DEFRA
The President noted that the Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar Universityhas taken various steps to highlight social concerns and provide access to the disadvantaged.
In male anatomy, the lacuna magna is the largest of several recesses in the roof of the navicular fossa of the urethra.
He was not interested in active politics, but still he became more aware of the close relations between literature and politics.
I gently informed him, that if he did not approve of my relations with the Indians, he might permit me to retire and engage another minister instead.
Therefore taste this for now, and along with it for the disbelievers is the punishment of fire.
A group of officer-trainees of the Military Engineer Service called on the President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, today (October 15, 2019) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
In the middle storey of that mansion, they led a happy life enjoying all the luxuries and happiness afforded by wealth and nature.
In order to withdraw from Tier II account, the Subscriber needs to submit a duly filled form S-12 to the associated Nodal Office.
Lightening A couplet in the Rigveda says O Rudra! please ask your thunderbolt, which you have released in the skies, to stop chasing us upon our earth.
It is a matter of satisfaction that the deep-rooted relations between our two countries continue to be marked by friendship, mutual understanding and cooperation.
Description: This is the headless torso of Vamana incarnation of Vishnu, broken from a complete statue.
Each has guardian angels before him and behind him, who watch him at God 's command. God does not change the condition of a people' s lot, unless they change what is in their hearts. But when God decrees punishment for a people, none can ward it off. Besides Him, they have no protector.
the Lord of the heavens and earth, and all that is between them, the Merciful, of whom they are unable to speak.
However, in Bombay a fuel pellet station has been set up, where the garbage is processed before incineration.
A measure of data transfer speed (a megabit is equal to one million bits).; 1 Mbps Mb / s = 1, 000, 000 bits per second (not 1, 048, 576).
Sayajirao Maharaj awarded him a scholarship of Rs. 20 per month. 3 Bhima entered the Elphinstone College on the 3rd January 1905.
Medical and nursing students and faculty will be involved in training and implementation of the vaccination programme.
If Allah so willed, He could make you all one people: But He leaves straying whom He pleases, and He guides whom He pleases: but ye shall certainly be called to account for all your actions.
In a tweet he said  that may the Lord Dhanwantari bring happiness, prosperity, good fortune and good health in everyone's life.
An early priority for the inter - departmental working group, being set up as part of the follow - up to this report, will be to consider the content and timing of forthcoming Department of Health guidance on young runaways alongside the broader issues raised in this report.
While writing this book I had the advantage of access to the library of Bhai Vir Singh 's surviving brother Dr Balbir Singh, himself an eminent thinker and author.
When you are touched with good fortune, they grieve, but when evil befalls you, they rejoice. If you are patient and cautious, their guile will never harm you. Allah encompasses what they do.
But when Moses came unto them with Our clear tokens, they said: This is naught but invented magic. We never heard of this among our fathers of old.
(10CC) in the case of an employee, being an individual deriving income in the nature of a perquisite, not provided for by way of monetary payment, within the meaning of clause (2) of section 17, the tax on such income actually paid by his employer, at the option of the employer, on behalf of such employee, notwithstanding anything contained in section 200 of the Companies Act, 1956 (1 of 1956);
He declared that poverty was not a sin and that the poor man should not suffer from an inferiority complex.
The Government of India has established Central Herd Registration Unit in four breeding tracts i. e. Rohtak, Ahmedabad, Ongole, Ajmer.
Election Commission to hold consultations on implementation of the Supreme Court Judgement on manifestoes of political parties
Its food consists principally of locusts, grasshoppers, beetles, grain and tender shoots of various crop plants.
The book was an elaboration with historical and statistical materials of the point of view that Roy had presented in his debate with Lenin at the second congress.
who had set up another god along with Allah and cast him into the severe punishment. ’
Thorium utilisation is the long - term core objective of the Indian Nuclear Power Programme for providing energy security on sustainable basis.
Your success will be in the number of lives you will touch; in the positives you will help usher in the society.
He said, "Do you, instead of God, worship things that can neither harm nor benefit you?"
ePost, which is a paid service at present, enables people to send and receive messages or scanned images through email in all 1, 56, 000 Post Offices in the country.
Falsehood cannot enter it from any side: It 's a revelation from the all - wise and praiseworthy (God).
From 1999 - 2000 till 2003 - 04, the emphasis of disinvestment changed in favour of Strategic Sale
Said he: Have you come to us that you should turn us out of our land by your magic, O Musa?
The Rig Veda is an anthology of sacred hymns; the Sama Veda features musical arrangements of hymns from the Rig Veda and other sources; the Yajur Veda abounds in prayers and sacrificial formulae used by priests; and the Atharva Veda includes incantations and spells.
A waxy layer which is found in plants which helps them to avoid excess water loss and gives them protection
In this article I considered judiciously my virtues and gave praise for them in full measure.
The Ramayana and the Mahabharata in Bengali, as also the many other translations of the various Sanskrit Puranas made from time to time into Oriya since Sarala Dasa have used the two line padas, each pada consisting of two lines of fourteen letters each.
Today they are protected in wildlife sanctuaries and national parks in Kerala, Karnataka, Orissa, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Assam.
It was in 1814, that Fraunhofer 1787 - 1826, an ordinary spectacle - maker of Munich, repeated with great care New -, ton 's experiment on the dispersion of white light emitted from the sun.
used once. I 'll say they' re unique. Okay so this nonce is kind of a cute trick that
All differences were forgotten and the Muslims invited the Hindu leaders to address meetings inside their mosques.
The President of India, Shri Ram Nath Kovind, presented the International Gandhi Awards for Leprosy to Dr N.S. Dharmashaktu under the Indian nomination (individual) category and the Leprosy Mission Trust under the institutional category today (February 6, 2020).
(6) On every application by an assessee for revision under this sub-section, made on or after the 1st day of October, 1998, an order shall be passed within one year from the end of the financial year in which such application is made by the assessee for revision.
A row of pilasters decorates the sides and the back, while the main opening is to the west.
And yet to that blind hand they entrust their life; not knowing it, they trust it, and make their beds and sleep and dream of a distant morning. ”
The Jana Sangh has made a fine art of distortion and of making false statements with a great flourish.
This day We will set a seal on their mouths, and their hands will speak out to Us and their feet will bear witness to their deeds.
If a case fell within the jurisdiction of both the Qazi - i - Askar and the city Qazi, the latter had prior right to try the case, unless authorised otherwise.
Say thou: I but exhort you Unto one thing: that ye stand, for Allah 's sake, by twos and singly, and then ponder; in your companion there is no madness; he is naught but a warner Unto you preceding a torment severe.
If you have any grievance against any Government organization in the country, you may lodge your grievance at Citizens' grievances (External website that opens in a new window) which will go to the Ministry / Department / State Government concerned for immediate redress.
John Kerry: President George W. Bush wrongly “rushed into battle. ” < s > George Soros: “the war on terrorism cannot be won by waging war. … Crime requires police work, not military action. ”
In view of the practical inconveniences of the electronic infrastructure projects in the region began following:
And indeed We sent to every nation a Noble Messenger (proclaiming) that “Worship Allah and beware of the devil”; therefore Allah guided some of them, and error proved true upon some of them; therefore travel in the land and see what sort of fate befell the deniers!
Whoever works righteousness, whether male or female, while he (or she) is a true believer (of Islamic Monotheism) verily, to him We will give a good life (in this world with respect, contentment and lawful provision), and We shall pay them certainly a reward in proportion to the best of what they used to do (i. e. Paradise in the Hereafter).
May this festival be an occasion for celebration and sharing joy with our families, while not forgetting to reach out to those in need.
When ads on the Web are not displayed as per a click - through rate, they are generally sold on a cost per thousand basis and one ad view is considered as one banner ad which displayed on one page.
Balances in the account where there is no transaction for certain years, are transferred to controlling offices as unclaimed balances.
I call upon all of you who are leaders in the field of scientific and technical education in India to address yourself whole heartedly to this task with a sense of urgency.
Luckily, the very first relation whom he approached was not only willing but also eager to help.
But they can always do dhan daan in order for jnaanis to do jnana daan to society.
(And it will be said unto those therein): Eat and drink at ease for that which ye sent on before you in past days.
You may get more Working Families' Tax Credit if you or your partner work 30 hours a week or more.
O you, the offspring of those We bore (in the ark) with Noah, he was indeed a grateful votary.
GNOME port of the once - popular Color Lines game. Five or More is a part of GNOME Games.
Lokamanya Tilak started his Home Rule League in 1916 and Annie Besant now awoke the country to a sense of full political freedom.
But much of this power is used for warlike efforts, for threats and for creating disharmony rather than co - operation.
Increased consumption of a particular item of utility has the tendency of application of law of diminishing utility.
Whoever does what is just and right, does so for his own good; and whoever does evil, does so to his own detriment: and God is never in the least unjust to His creatures.
In binoculars with roof prisms the light path is split in two paths that reflect on either side of the roof prism ridge.
The retribution of evil is the equal of evil (done); yet those who forgive and rehabilitate will be rewarded by God. Verily He does not like those who do wrong.
Government initiatives to augment mineral production ought to have a large skilled manpower which calls for modern training facilities.
There was no one to advise him about his legal rights as a sovereign. His only plea was that whatever troopers or army or servants did during that period, was done of their own free will and not under his orders; that he could not be held responsible for what had happened. He stated: ”...
But it is the speciality of the CD that speeches, articles and letters of Gandhiji and photographs related to him and his own voice have been brought together at one spot, using the information technology.
However, detention without trial of Subhas Chandra and other promising up - coming leaders of Bengal continued for nearly three years.
A group of Manhattan Dairy merchants created _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ in 1872.
He paid tribute to the martyrs of the security forces and said that today India is fighting terrorism in a new way.
Said he, 'I would never bow myself before a mortal whom Thou hast created of a clay of mud moulded.'
Either python path is wrong or python - rope (http: / / rope. sf. net) libraries aren 't installed. Both are required for autocompletion in python files. Please install them and check the python path in the preferences.
Abasaheb himself was an ardent lover of music and drama, so much so that his home had become a rendezvous for members of drama troupes that visited the place from time to time.
The Ministry has also been designated as the nodal agency in the country for the United Nations Environment Programme UNEP, International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development ICIMOD and looks after the follow - up of the United Nations' Conference on Environment and Development UNCED.
A study of this nature, covering a history of over a thousand years and ranging over far - flung places would certainly require many volumes to do it justice, yet a brief outline appears necessary to provide the backdrop to our understanding of Sufism as expressed in the works of Sufi poets.
To be eligible for this award, a sportsperson should have not only good performance consistently for the previous three years at the international level with excellence for the year for which the award is recommended but also should have shown qualities of leadership, sportsmanship and a sense of discipline.
During 2000 - 01 grant - in - aid was provided to 21 NGOs at an estimated cost of Rs 96 lakh.
The application '% 1' has requested to open the KDE wallet. This is used to store sensitive data in a secure fashion. Please enter a password to use with this wallet or click cancel to deny the application 's request.
On the 22nd October 1943, Netaji formally inaugurated the Rani of Jhansi Regiment of the Azad Hind Fauj. 22
Cunningham also brought a new volume known as Corpus Inscriptionum Indicarum which was aimed at publishing inscriptions of connected epigraphical material in a compact and handy volume.
If We will, We can send down on them a sign from heaven before which their necks will remain humbled.
An inward - looking society fervently protects its religious identity through centuries ruled first by the Muslims then by the Christians.
The President said friendship between India and France is driven by a remarkable similarity in the ideals and aspirations of our people.
Because this mountain has its chief extension in longitude, the rivers rising on its northside flow through the countries of the Turks, Tibetans, Khazars, and Slavonians, and fall into the sea of Jurjan - LRB - the Caspian Sea - RRB -, or the sea of Khwarism - LRB - the Aral Sea - RRB -, or the Sea Pontus - LRB - the Black Sea - RRB -, or the northern sea of the Slavonians - LRB - the Baltic - RRB -; whilst the rivers rising on the southern slopes flow through India and fall into the great ocean, some reaching it single, others combined.
All protection related issues of forest and wildlife sector are dealt in Indian Forest Act, 1927, Wildlife Protection Act 1972, Forest Conservation Act,1980 etc.
The Srirangam Venugopala temple shows noticeably far advanced architectural and sculptural features of the local regional style.
Ordinarily, a good concentrate mixture should contain one part of crushed grain, two parts of bran or husk and one part of oil - cake.
Seemingly minor differences can take on a complex quality. Just try to follow a Beirut newspaper 's arcane account of hostilities in the northern Lebanese town of Tripoli:
Whoso doeth an ill - deed, he will be repaid the like thereof, while whoso doeth right, whether male or female, and is a believer, (all) such will enter the Garden, where they will be nourished without stint.
Shaikh 's only grouse is that the middlemen make a bigger profit selling his vegetables in the market.
And among the people of Moosa is a group that shows the true path, and establishes justice with it.
Nevertheless, in furtherance of his strategic objectives he wanted to make the best of a rather unfavourable situation.
It could be a sap, a kaato, a garba or a bugdoo - all devices made by local artisans.
After the work of the American engineer was over, there would be a need of an Indian engineer to look after the work of Central Power Board or Central Water Irrigation and Navigation Commission.
The God is pot-bellied and wears a short dhoti and a deerskin draped over the left shoulder.
For example, 75 hostels can work on each and every tribal freedom fighter and can prepare research documents.
His requirement of special scents for betel leaves was enormous, because, according to one estimate, his daily consumption of betel leaves stood at the incredible figures of several hundred a day.
Six years earlier he had been actively associated with the promotion of the Hindoo College, which became the nucleus of English education and later of the University of Calcutta.
But a follower of determinism will interpret such statements as betraying imperfect knowledge, either of the attendant circumstances or of the elementary laws.
The recommendations were accepted in May 1899 and also made provision of pension of those who joined Survey before that date.
“Except his wife – we have decided that she is of those who will stay behind. ”
And the first of them will say to the last of them, "Then you had not any favor over us, so taste the punishment for what you used to earn."
The snow covered mountain peaks below seem to cheerfully remind me that I am approaching an abode of happiness, where economic progress is ameansand not an end, where there is a premium on contentment - and where development has not cast a shadow on the preservation of the natural heritage of an enlightened people.
Mr Saunders the Police Superintendent who had been in control of the lathi - charge was shot dead by Bhagat Singh, who was the leader of the Punjab Naujawan Bharat Sabha and a member of the Hindustan Socialist Republican Association.
And when the disbelievers see you, they do not appoint you except as an object of mockery; “Is he the one who speaks ill of your Gods? ”; whereas they deny the remembrance of the Most Gracious Himself!
The objective of this Group is to prepare a policy framework and gather suggestions that can help increase education among girl students and give them livelihood opportunities.
While, Indian imports in 2008 - 09 is reported to be above 45, 000 tonnes, the imports in 2009 - 10 are expected to rise to 50, 000 tonnes.
The advantage of artificial insemination is to maintain high fertility from turkey flock through out the season.
Surely those who believe and those who are Jews and the Sabeans and the Christians and the Magians and those who associate (others with Allah) - - surely Allah will decide between them on the day of resurrection; surely Allah is a witness over all things.
If everybody did not stay within his limits, not only did he cause harm to himself knowingly as well as unknowingly, he also lost the power of doing good to others.
A few questions, therefore, need to be posed to elicit responses relevant to the thought process:
Eventually, Subhas Chandra tendered his resignation as President at the open session of the AICC. In doing so, he said,.
"No reward do I ask of you for it: my reward is only from the lord of the Worlds.
Article 361A was inserted by the 44th Amendment to give protection to publication of proceedings of Parliament and State Legislatures.
Even thought - activity must disappear in the sole consciousness of identity or of nothingness and by its own quiescence bring about the quiescence of the whole nature.
The services are of the nature of transport, telephones, electricity, constructions, banking, insurance, medical treatment, etc.
He had mastered the sacred books and had VIRUPAKSHA CAVE: NORMALITY OF THE JNANI performed tapas but was unhappy because he felt he lacked clarity and certitude.
But always he was the symbol of India 's independence and militant nationalism, the unyielding opponent of all those who sought to enslave her, and it was as such a symbol that people gathered to him and accepted his lead, even though they disagreed with him on other matters.
The Indian Air Force, besides safeguarding the sovereign skies of our Nation, has also been at the forefront of all humanitarian aid and disaster relief operations, most notably Op Rahat and the recent earthquake in Nepal.
It is on account of this that he would welcome a grammar - based study which helps him to understand more quickly the structure of the language.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the new academic block of Intensive Khadi &amp; Rural Development Centre (IKRDC) in memory of his wife, late Smt. Suvra Mukherjee today (October 9, 2016) at Kirnahar, West Bengal.
The merit of a candidate is determined on the basis of his / her score in the examinations he / she has passed in addition to previous teaching experience, if any.
Nanak Singh has called Prem 's life of luxury and sin a paper - boat that must sink sooner or later.
Those who do not expect to meet Us, and are wellpleased with this life and are satisfied with it, and those who are inattentive to Our signs,
PRESIDENT OF INDIA CONCLUDES VISIT TO EQUATORIAL GUINEA WITH COMMITMENT TO DEVELOPMENTAL PARTNERSHIP; TO BECOME FIRST INDIAN PRESIDENT TO TRAVEL TO SWAZILAND ON SECOND LEG OF HIS AFRICA VISIT
[Of these stories mention] when Joseph said to his father, "O my father, indeed I have seen [in a dream] eleven stars and the sun and the moon; I saw them prostrating to me."
It coordinates the activities of over 200 existing zoos and also supervises the exchange of animals on a scientific basis.
The types of Schools / Institutions that have become partners to function as AIs of NIOS include Government Schools, Government Aided Schools, Kendriya Vidyalayas, Navodaya Vidyalayas, Public and Private Schools and Schools for children with special needs.
But not in Bastar, where tribals depend on the bounty of jungle and the economy revolves around food - gathering.
He who dwells in the moon and stars - LRB - chandratarakam - RRB -, and within the moon and stars, whom the moon and stars do not know, whose body the moon and stars are, and who rules the moon and stars within, he is your Self, the Ruler within, the immortal.
They learn best through verbal lectures, discussions, talking things through and listening to what others have to say.
It is often called the Land of the Gods (Dev Bhoomi), because of its various holy places and abundant shrines.
Determines whether to lookup the sender email in address book. If found, it shouldn 't be a spam. It looks up in the books marked for autocompletion. It can be slow, if remote address books (like LDAP) are marked for autocompletion.
The National Press Day is marked every yearonNovember 16, the day when in 1966the Press Council of India started functioning as an autonomous, statutory and quasi - judicial body.
We generally seem to be convinced that the lovely flowers of our land bloom so that we may enjoy their beauty and scent and worship our gods and garland our heroes.
He never wore anything except silk and never went out in the heat,, cold or rain.
But the unbelievers would like to stare you out of balance when they hear the warning, and say: "Surely he is possessed;"
I 'll write a message on a stick, and when the ogres see it they will give you the grain willingly.
This Unit also coordinates the visits of the Members of the Parliamentary Standing Committee etc. to various scientific institutions under the administrative control of the Department.
These sculptured figures indicate that the stay of Sankara in Kanchi has left on the Kshetra an indelible impression which, with the passage of time, has only become deeper.
But when the truth came to them, they said: 'This is sorcery, we disbelieve in it'
That part of loan which is disbursed or made available in the form of a commodity and not in cash.
A small piece of cloth which covered the bed - top was blown out of the burning pyre to her feet.
and he said, "This is a mercy from my Lord. But when the promise of my Lord comes to pass, He will level it to dust. My Lord 's promise is ever true!"
If true, then connections to the proxy server require authentication. The username is retrieved from the “/ apps / evolution / shell / network _ config / authentication _ user” GConf key, and the password is retrieved from either gnome - keyring or the ~ /. gnome2 _ private / Evolution password file.
In the first decade of this century, a band of university - educated Oriya intellectuals, under the inspiring leadership of Pandit Gopabandhu Das, had started a sylvan academy at the village of Sakhigopal, 11 miles north of the holy city of Puri.
to replace them by others who would be better than they; and We shall certainly not be overpowered.
The cotton threads connecting the drum faces are wound over by another lacing at the middle narrow part of the body.
The Vedas are the source of integral wisdom, science, tradition and culture of a remarkable civilization.
These recognitions are a tribute to the quality of leadership as also, in equal measure, to the untiring efforts of the faculty, research and technical staff, students and all other stakeholders.
The English collectors of revenue were, however, directed to superintend the proceedings of these courts, to see that the necessary witnesses were summoned and examined; that due weight was allowed to their testimony, and that the decisions passed were fair and impartial. ”
Not one of them had the size or shape of head of a normal man or woman.
The President said he intends to interact with students and faculty of higher education institutions through video conferencing in the month of August using the National Knowledge Network.
The old colonial administration 's task was only to keep law and order; now it is vitally concerned with development.
Do you really want to add "% s" to the selection and use the third version of the ISO9660 standard to support it?
(4) Where in carrying out any direction given to a State under clause (2) as to the construction or maintenance of any means of communication or under clause (3) as to the measures to be taken for the protection of any railway, costs have been incurred in excess of those which would have been incurred in the discharge of the normal duties of the State if such direction had not been given, there shall be paid by the Government of India to the State such sum as may be agreed, or, in default of agreement, as may be determined by an arbitrator appointed by the Chief Justice of India, in respect of the extra costs so incurred by the State.
Do you consider the providing of drinking water to the pilgrims and the maintenance of Al - Masjid - al - Haram (at Makkah) as equal to the worth of those who believe in Allah and the Last Day, and strive hard and fight in the Cause of Allah? They are not equal before Allah. And Allah guides not those people who are the Zalimun (polytheists and wrong - doers).
To that end it must make no demands nor seek to impose itself on heart, mind or spirit, but accept with a strong passive and active equality whatever impulsion and command come into it from the spirit through the channel of a still mind and a pure heart.
In the context of banking such type of instructions given by customers to be followed by banks in operating their accounts.
The Scheme has a State / UT share of balance Rs. 1329 crores, which has been provisioned by the Department of Expenditure, Govt. of India, under Additional Central Assistance (ACA).
Moreover, it is used by ‘Kudukuduppai Andi’ of Tamil Nadu and by mendicants, snake charmers, gypsies and jugglers in North India.
They say, "None shall enter Paradise unless he be a Jew or according to the Christians) a Christian." These are their wishful fancies. Say to them, "Bring your proof, if you are right in your claim."
The blue whales - LRB - now nearing extinction - RRB - which breed in the Gulf were starved as its food krill - LRB - tiny planktonic crustaceans - RRB - were destroyed by the oil.
GNOME port of the once - popular Color Lines game. Five or More is a part of GNOME Games.
Had it not been so, he would not have ended his partnership prematurely with the Prabhat Film Company within less than a year to address himself to the task of resuscitating whatever had remained of his old stage set - up.
For example, it is m course of such a review that he explores the. of the comic, suggesting that 'mistake' rather than 'error' should be the object of laughter.
However, there are certain occasionally held ceremonies for propitiating the goddess of small - pox or the goddess of cholera or deities of other calamities which can hardly be called festivities, as there is no gaiety but, rather, the sombre foreboding of doom.
Vashu Bhagnani did an RHTDM - LRB - Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein - RRB -, Karan Johar a K3G - LRB - Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham - RRB -.
Although every Indian who reads newspapers knows about this peace there are a few facts connected with it, which perhaps are not withm the knowledge of many.
And in our programmes for the Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and the Backward Classes, we should also see that no atmosphere of confrontation arises.
(1) Many areas of difference exist - the Iranian nuclear build - up, relations with Syria, Israeli adherence to the Non - Proliferation Treaty, and Jews living on the West Bank - but the “two - state solution ” will likely set the meetings' tone, mood, and outcome. The two - state idea aims to end the Arab - Israeli conflict by establishing a Palestinian state alongside the Jewish state. The plan rests on two assumptions: (a) that the Palestinians can construct a centralized, viable state and (b) that attaining this state means the abandonment of their dreams to eliminate Israel. (1)
Air Pollution Act (External website that opens in a new window) is an act to provide for the prevention, control and abatement of air pollution, for the establishment, with a view to carrying out the aforesaid purposes, of Boards, for conferring on and assigning to such Boards powers and functions relating thereto and for matters connected therewith.
What they used to pray to before will forsake them, and they will realize that they have no escape.
Bharati 's imagination grew new wings, and he sang ecstatically of Krishna as a friend, mother, father, servant, king, student, teacher, child, prankish boy, lover, lady love and deity.
Indeed I am your Lord! So take off your sandals. You are indeed in the sacred valley of Tuwa.
The Mughal Gardens will be open exclusively to farmers on March 18, differently abled persons including visually challenged persons on March 19 and for defence and para-military personnel on March 20, 2014.
He was a little quick tempered and irascible and people were apt to think him cross and crabbed, but he had a kind heart.
So they returned to [blaming] themselves and said [to each other], "Indeed, you are the wrongdoers."
