gone are the days of that smartphone maker which says &quot; india ka smartphone &quot; .
camera performance is just ok as edge detection in portrait mode is not good. display and battery are up to the mark .
although a bit heavier than her previous phone , this phone ’ s performance is amazing .
once the phone is fully charged , without even running any apps it starts utilizing the battery and drains almost 5 % in 15-20 mins .
using this product without any lag. trusted brand asus . just go for it without any hesitation. thanx flipkart
not getting updates , update patch is of april , not getting proper battery backups .
better than redmi note 5 pro which runs medium graphics .
2 ) battery : 5 / 5 : it easily last 2 days on average and sometimes even 3 days ( if you are an average user ) .
processor sd636 works good , no heating issues found till now even pubg runs smoothly .
clean android and jawdroping battery life ( at the end of the day after heavy usage battery is 50 % ) are the selling points .
. i am giving 5 star to everything because it is my first android phone . , .and i haven &apos;t seen this type of performance .
very very nice this product please all the time buying .
both cpu and gpu serves well with hd graphics for pubg
the one and the only disadvantage is it &apos;s network connection and mark my words network connection is too bad till now and there is no update .
in 4 month of use my phone falls twice from 2 feet height and both time display broken .
it &apos;s hang many time even it has 6 gb ram .
anyone can use it and it is the best device under 15000 rupees
after lot of research i find this was the best mobile among all low budget smartphones with 6gb of ram and 64 gb of internal memory with 5000 mh battery with fast charge 10 w .
i am not a heavy gamer. hardly installed a few useful apps like flipkart. paytm uber. user interface and screen touch is very poor .
excellent phone , battery performance is fabulous , ram management , excellent camera , no heating issues , no lags , display is very good
if you wanna best phone under 15k , then you are highly recommended to buy this phone .
camera is awsome specially in low light , sun light .
when comes to the mobile , it &apos;s awesome with tremendous performance in terms of battery and speed of processor .
speakers are too loud and good for playing music aloud .
good camera , gaming speed is fabulous , battery performence is superb over all the best mobile in this price list
now the time of direct video calling.but there is no direct video calling option in this phone.this is very bad .
phone performance is good but not getting any update of android pie .
biggest problem is that it has no native vedio calling option for jio users .
is not good battery backup is nice but overall performance is very bad. dont buy it in this price
nothing to beat it. go for it if you are heavy user and i bet you don &apos;t need to carry power banks anymore
however this device is awsome and has plenty of positive aspects .
great phone , great battery life ( 4.5 / 5 ) even after playing pubg i get 1day of battery , decent camera ( 4 / 5 ) superb ram management , just value for money budget killer .
all my data contacts gone. cause hanging issue was so much that i had to factory reset the phone the problem still persists .
asus is just awesome. mobile is beast unbeatable performance. camera is superb but camera app is old. if asus would give gcam it will be perfect and competite with flagship
best and good performance and compare to all prices mobiles this is the best .
i was using the same sim card in a different phone untill i purchased asus zenfone max pro m1 and the 4g download speed was satisfactory .
please fix this issue to get more rating for the phone .
superb battery life works entire day with continue watching whatsapp , calls and videos still more than 30 % remains at night .
3. decent cameras , xiami and realme have better cameras for sure but this one also has good cameras
i lost my mobile dated on 10-dec-18 then i informed to jeeves now they are saying your mobile protection plan is only for damage protection not covered for theft .
ya , i know never to get addict to something but this is so marvelous .
the phone is packed with 5000mah battery which proves its prowess .
i am just using this mobile for one week , but facing lot of problems .
i was amazed by it and rapid charging is also good , can charge it from 0-90 % in almost 120 min.appx.
no complaints till date , i am a happy customer .
under rs15000 best mob. nd best battery power backup . camera is not good
i m using asus phone from 3 years and jo purchased this phone i m am very very satisfied its a great phone in this price memory processor ram all r great
used for one month -- &amp; gt ; processing very fast , battery superb , played games like pubg , modern combat 5 no issues at all , using two sim card with one memory card working fine no heating issue .
ph was awesome camera is good but battery is the best sound also nice over all is the best phone under 15000
now we can &apos;t play pubg in hd graphics after pie update .
the camera is bad , i have a redmi note 5 pro and oneplus 6 , this is more like a china phone camera .
only two problem with this phone no inbuilt call regarding and screenshot .
thank u so much flipkart for quick delivery and many many thanks to asus team for developing this awesome device in a budget with great features .
played a performance hungry game like pubg for over 4 hours continuous after full charging and on max settings and there were no heating issues at all .
they gave me trashy phone and didn &apos;t change my piece tell me to go to service centre .
i am editing the review because after receiving pie update from asus i feel like i have wasted money on this phone .
i am very happy with the performance of asus zen fone maxpro m1.all functions of asus is ok , the only lakuna is with camera.2nd lakuna is no provision of gorrila glass .
1. near stock android with super smooth ui and shine added features like gesture controls
it &apos;s a very facinating device for me , overall satisfied performance .
asus maxpro m1 good battery back up , stock android experince , smooth performance but camera was not good in low light condition .
item have battery draining problem and also we can &apos;t get camara everytime sometimes will get camara . and the important thing is filpcart doesn &apos;t replace this product .
battery management could be better doesn &apos;t affect in normal use but drains a bit faster while playing heavy games like pubg .
mobile is nice , camera quality is average , battery is awesome , screen quality is good , but some times finger print is not working { lagaging } , giving review after 5 months. hope this review useful to all
excellent phone in 15k price , asus best phone so far. company is also providing silicon back cover case which was a surprise .
few times other caller can &apos;t able to listen me there is some issue with my device i think i need replacement # flipkart
first of all thanks to flipcart , delivery in 24 hr . . and so amazing phone , rear camera so nice but front camera i don.tike , otherwise all things are good
camera performance poor , no galley , no scanner , no call recording , no return and refund , battery performance much better , when we are using redmi phone we can &apos;t accept this one , sound problems also , some time no ring
this phone compete with major product of range up to 25k .
system ui is very poor they have not worked on it even a bit .
wow excellent product and work very well in any condition very nice product by asus and timely delivery by flipkart thanks .
i am very happy with it &apos;s very nice allrounder performance
cannot delete few pre-installed stock apps like facebook , messenger , instagram etc. rest of the things are good and provide better value for money .
cannot recommend this to you now as by this time new phones must have arrived .
under 15k with all features best in market but after my purchase it &apos;s price reduced 500 so little bit disappointed
i bought it at rs11700 so no complaint as it no other brand provide with similar configuration .
so , don &apos;t worry about your mobile glass getting scratches or fracturing , but if you want to go ahead with a tempered glass then go for it .
don &apos;t think twice. just take it. only the notch is missing. otherwise the best mobile for the price. mind boggling battery life. spectacular display. nd amazing camera .
like the product but the touch sense need improvement and there is no ir port and the quality of the screen is not so good its only hd not fhd
do not update this phone to android pie ( system updates ) .
i got my phone today. still now its performance and its battery backup is awesome. but with camera im not satisfied ( it may be improved by several software update )
if you are looking for a camera phone , i suggest you go for other .
it mainly good on speed , gaming , accessibility , easy to access , better battery , good processor , . etc are best in this mobile so make chance to buy this one
made by and for quality demanding perfectionists . ( need no stars for this honest review .
and the good news is that , now the price has dropped even more .
powerful processer , very good display , also i have seen in one of the youtube drop test video , it is survived two death drop test. amazing .
i , would recommend to go ahead for 4-6 gb ram .
a secret method to unlock advance camera feature. just open setting s and tap 6 / 7 times in red-eye reduction option .
- 6 gb ram with snapdragon 636 processor is working very smoothly
after using this product , i become die-hard fan of asus .
but its not good. i bought today but now im going to sell it as soon as possible .
hello , this is uttam singh and i &apos;m writing the review of this phone after using it a week .
5. phone is much sleeker than other 5000 mah battery competition
i ordered the device last month , in hopes that the phone will live up to its hype , sadly it doesn &apos;t .
while closing apps , it doesn &apos;t show the ram usage , although you can check it in the developer options .
bettery is advantage of this mobile , no natch display in this asus zenfone max pro m1 and no gorrella glass protection in this mobile and eis ( electronic image stabilization ) is not there
it &apos;s good to see that asus providing good specifications at 15000 , overall mobile perform is phenomenal , but only thing i need to mention is i was ordered for black but recieved blue its really dissapointment .
android pie provided by the asus is full of bugs and even there are features like digital wellbeing and the night light is missing .
power performance when you playing high level game like pubg awesome
good processor , do not have heating issue .i have been using for a month now and except for the camera it &apos;s pretty good .
its is the best mobile phone in its category and price with the features that it has in it for the amount being paid .
it &apos;s been a week now with asus zenfone max pro m1 .
i decided to buy this over the likes of xiaomi , moto and samsungs of the world and i am truly fond of this phone .
memory and dedicated slot-64 gb + 6 gb ram + a slot is all you need for a 15k mobile ( price may have changed ) .
5.face unlock works even at 10 to 20degree was surprised to see this and both face fingerprint sensors work fastly. satisfied with this .
first of all thank you flipkart for fast delivery service .
believe me , if you use asus charger , it charges very fast and also on the lock screen your can see &quot; charging rapidly &quot; .
phone is just ossam looks , feature &apos;s , resolution , size , camera , finger print scanner every thing works like charm .
cell is pretty nice and all the fuss about camera is wrong.its camera is almost same as rn5pro only difference is of front camera only which differ by 16 and 20 .
right now as a smartphone it &apos;s my one of good choice of my life and sound quality really awesome .
no any good company except asus. so i m loving this phone. performance is great. loudspeaker tends to have unclear sound at very high volumes. over all great value for money
battery backup 2 / 5 in comparison of mi phone 4000 mah battery , if you are buying it for 5000 mah battery like me then i will suggest you to go for mi6 or mi6 pro .
recently problem with screen it freezes and to open i have to restart the phone .
camera is not that clean i don &apos;t know what is the real megapixels of these cameras but i am big gamer and i need good processor with good battery and big ram with 6gb .
thanks to flipkart and asus for making such a good gadget affordable .
touch response. can &apos;t detect fast light touches , my zenfone 3 is more responsive .
i got 6gb version at nearly 11k in offer best value for money deal .
i have been using the phone for almost a week and completely satisfied with the performance except for the 4g speed .
altogether a great phone , but the camera sometimes struggles with focusing .
only drawback was camera but trust me , u need to get used to the camera app .
learn how it performs and then when u know how to click it easily defeats redmi note 5 pro even in camera section .
bhailog , i got 6gb version for 15 k three months back .
camera app like b12 can be downloaded to take good custom selife .
the image of front ( selfie ) camera is seemed just like fresh , neat and clean and natural ( not artificial ) .
prior to this , i have used asus zenfone 2 laser which is also functional presently .
it delivered within 2 days from order but not able to open selfie camera every time it says &quot; camera server died closing camera &quot; redmi note 5 pro is better option instead of asus zenfone max pro m1 .
but if you are a game lover , this phone is the best .
the body is too good.does not get overheating even playing high end games like pubg , asphalt 8. and easily a day &apos;s battery in 2 hours charge and about amazing 9 hours of screen on time. worth to buy ️
guys , if u are looking for the phone under 15k for 6gb / 64gb in comparision with mi note 5 pro 64gb .
the screen is decent and the viewing angles are good .
at the time of clicking pix with front camera resolution will be gr8 but once you opened the taken pix quality will not upto the mark .
i bought for my friend and he seems to be enjoying it .
you can &apos;t use flash in mobiles while the object is near. it will show white screen .
the only problems are ( i ) no screen protection ( ii ) the battery drain issue .
bought three months ago , no hanging , not at all slow , camera one of the best rocking camera , no one can bet this phone ever in this price range .
why should i go to service center and why can &apos;t you give me a good piece ?
after using of 6 month this mobile getting hanged and lots of application not working properly
who is the best device i have witnessed in my whole life .
i love this as it gives you more options to edit pics yourself , rather than the cameras doing it for you .
the camera hardware is good , the software has to be updated very much , default snapdragon camera app does not do justice .
a bit more optimistic , but this phone has the potentials of having good fight with xiaomi products for the market share in terms of their sales volume
one of the best phone in 15k range , camera is not good as redmi note 5 pro but overall asus zenfone beats redmi note 5 pro or any other phone in 15k range .
it is so bad that i want to smash the phone. the network keeps disconnecting evry 5 seconds and the speed is abysmal .
the battery is the best of its kind and software-hardware integration is very fluent .
con : 1.looks , 2.bettery performance 3 weight and old model 4.screen not gorilla glass 3
5k + battery weighs a bit but it has a sturdy nice balanced grip. grey is somewhat goldish-grey and does stand out .
battery with 5000mah , will give you 2 days standby .
battery : - 5000 mah with 10hours plus sot with moderate usage and mild gaming
2.very little heating even after playing pubg for more than 1hr .
the phone is really nice but has only one disadvantage as it does not have a gorilla glass but is very good in all other aspects performance is awesome complete value for money good battery life and nice experience
long battery life and 6gb ram is best pro for it .
instead of buying third grade chinese product like mi , oppo , vivo , huawai people can always buy this product and its value for money .
excellent mobile at this price range , frankly speaking better than redmi products , blindly go for it.i have purchased 6gb ramand64gb rom blue color variant.im just loving the blue color.in love with android one
1 ) mobile glass : 4.5 / 5 : it is dinorex t2x-1 glass manufactured by nippon electric glass ( japanese company ) at par with gorilla glass or even better .
when i buy my mobile they clearly mentioned complete mobile protection plan including theft .
i bought this mobile on november 2. after three months mobile condition
that means if you use your phone for about 4 to 4.5 hrs a day you can expect it to last 2 days .
asus zenfone max pro m1 is an outstanding next gen premium handset with excellent features. fast for it &apos;s 6gb ram .
from my opinion , most of the middle class customers are looking for a phone like this .
front camera not that good , camera flash on / off botton so annoying .
asus should have to give inbuilt , gallery , network speed meter , ir blaster , auto call pickup , rocket cleaner .
flipkart is highly recommended , must buy only from flipkart .
6gb 64gb variant 636 sd etc face lock fingerprint lock etc
performance is awesome tho i saw few frame drops after gaming for long sessions. little heating too.but the phone is good
the 6gb variant blazes through every task throw at it .
guys this is the one which ticks all the boxes .
not match with expectations. display quality not good. auto brightness function not proper
cameras could have had sony imx sensors like redmi note 5 pro
again and again i am expecting the products like this .
fully satisfied after having this product , stands out to be the best smartphone at this price , there is no issue with the camera , it gives high resolution photos , just an addition of eis would add a cherry on the cake .
1 ) display show &apos;s yellow tint basically it can &apos;t produce exact white color .
in 15 k u don &apos;t even think twice just go for it and i bet u won &apos;t regret.i told every one that this is for 22 k and they actually believe
- &amp; gt ; support dual 4g volte ( u can access 2 jio sim on this phone or u can access one airtel 4g volte and one jio 4g volte )
it &apos;s a nice device nice display high performance battery good looking , camera is superb dual camera setup is ossam , i like it , just for 14499
5000 mah should least last for 16 hours but it just gives maximum 12 hours which any other phone will give you .
its profesor is good speed works on internet but main problum is ntwork like during the call internet leave network connection and call network also have not support properly , speaker calling not support etc .
my suggestion is no one can buy this asus zenfone max pro m1 because in exchange it only prices for around 3600 inr , very very bad exchange price , another cheating from asus is asus zenfone max pro m2
now asus is the leader in this segment and above on the basis of my experience .
don &apos;t bought 3or 4 gb ram version only go for 6gb ram version as i already used 4gb version too
network connectivity problem because of that can &apos;t even play pubg .
super mobile 6 gb ram 64 gb storage + dedicated slot + dual volte
perfect phone for everyone those who want gaming and long battery backup
2. battery backup , best in class approx 9 to 10 hrs screen on time plus 1 day standby with single sim 4g , and data always on .
nice product no issue after usage of 1 month fully satisfied
i m writing this review after 15 days of purchasing , the phone is good till now .
camera - really good in capturing static objects and in dim lightings , i could capture clouds in the evening clearly with this phone .
great phone , there were some problem with fingerprint scanner but after update it is working great got biometrics problems fixed .
best mobile in this segment every thing is best off best
the camera performance at low light / night is poor. the rest all things in the phone are the best in class .
best ever 6gb phone phone , smooth performance , excellent performance , it &apos;s amazing .
first of all i hate to hear that there is no return policy only we can exchange .
it &apos;s a gem kind of phone at this price . no lag no heat . decent camera .
great image quality , lovely looking , awesome feature , value for money
and i asked in helpline in online but they didn &apos;t say proper solutions to me .
call record and conference : call recording option not there .
i had recently purchased asus zenfone max pro 6gb variant and this was first time i thought of buying an asus phone .
not able to use the phone , looking for the solution
if you want to play pubg in hd graphics with low prize. this asus zenfone max pro m1 6gb ram is best option. it &apos;s my opinion .
i took similar pictures in rn5 pro and the picture looks quite fake in it .
no heat while charging or while playing games like pubg for continuously about 45 min .
plz help look after the network. cause itz not the best value for money phone until it &apos;s networking is fixed .
the only week point of this phone is front camera , dont get me wrong it &apos;s not a deal breaker though .
flipkart doing it &apos;s not fair business , we are not fooles to purchase product on-line especially on flipkart. after expiring exchange / refund time u r sending sorry seller not excepted u r request , it &apos;s not fair .
grey variant is very classy and it &apos;s a battery beast
battery life is awesome , this can handle pubg really well med settings at high framerates , lighter games run at max settings , the os is just barebones , not many settings or customisations , it is fluid no lag whatsover .
camera quality is too good better than 3 / 4 gb varrient .
i just want asus to provide software update for optimizing battery life to avoid fast draining and regular system updates for overall system thereby overcoming the bad reviews .
in this mobile privacy not secure.and flipkart easy return policy is froud policy .
new device update had made the device smooth and camera is super cool now , but still the camera app interface is too bad .
for every hour battery percentage drops to 5 % on regular usage on heavy usage of gaming drops 10 % every hour
value for money , its a perfect alrounder , each update improves the performance of the phone , amazing display quality , battery performance is excellent .
after software update in november 2018 , the touch is not working .
1 ) my family members at times could not reach my mobile number , even though they try multiple time .
if you leave it on auto then there is a chance that it might not get good shot but if you choose proper mode according to lighting conditions it gives amazing results .
i played pubg continuesly for 6hrs from 100 to 10 %
camera is not good , battery is easily drained , it &apos;s taking 3h ours to charge and is discharging very quickly .
following issue are there in asus max pro m1 since inception of this device but there is no update by asus team and asus replying like anything :
1.good battery : asus claims the battery to be a 5000mah and it is good infact but as far as compared with mi redmi note 4 &apos;s 4100mah both have same backup and you even wouldn &apos;t notice it .
can play pubg with high graphics in he and pubg promises updates for her graphics .
asus zenfone max pro m1 is one of the good budgeted phone for battery and performance .
1. install google cam app and this phone will rock .
shipping is on time , without concern the problem of flood in kerala , i &apos;m so happy with flipcart experience , i got an awesome phone , thank you flipcart
camera quality not so good but over all in it price i had brought 11,700 is quit good .
actually , in fact , after buying it i become so addictive to it , spent hours .
only thing that i am not able to cast my phone .
gallery option is not available as like other there only file manager .
asus should provide a better camera app than existing , snapdragon 636 supports far better image quality to be captured by camera , so asus should provide better software support for camera in coming updates , all in all a very good phone in 11k price range .
pros : -1 ) quick delivery 2 ) classy touch 3 ) sd636 duel volte awesome 4 ) can switch sim during call 5 ) battery life is great lasts 3 days for nomral users 1.5 days for heavy 6 ) stock android better than any ui .
at fast i &apos;m confuse which phone i buy then when i buy asus zenfone max pro m1 and use i said that it &apos;s better than &quot; mi note 5 pro &quot; just love it
finger and face unlock work well 6gb ram give great experience
the battery performance , display quality , camera quality is amazing .
product is too good , awesome. i dont have word to explain .
performance as well as battery is the best in this price range .
i have downloaded google camera what a pic i love asus i m waiting asus rog
the only mobile which offers full hd + display , 6gb of ram , snapdragon octa core processor , triple slot , dual 4g volte , finger print , face unlock and cast screen under 15,000 / -
for a smartphone in 15k range it stands quite good with other competitors .
it has dual volte by which one can use two jio sims &apos; .
camera need to be improve , battery backup is very good , ram management is very good .
1st i would like to say that this is an awesome device and it s not much stylish and updated in design .
go for it if you have in two minds it is low rate , high performance , and quality assurance , after sales service.only few mean 2 bugs is there 1st - battery draining issue , 2- camera quality .
i am giving it &apos;s 2star because of the selling strategy of asus that they are giving 500 ₹ off after i buyed it .
i &apos;m not sure why this mobile was delivered on 9th day : ( i was eagerly waiting for the delivery but flipkart made me to wait for 9 days .
fantastic product from asus at competitive price in the market .
product is awesom , superb , best in class , worth it .
awesome mobile with good battery specifications performance ram management is superb and it &apos;s a true dual 4g volte smartphone if you have 15k go for it : )
i bought it in big billion day after a long research for good all-round performing mobile .
one of its amazing feature which is not present in any mobile is it &apos;s connectivity with external hard disk .
some important features left behind asus company ; example applock is not here and automatic hotspot not shutdown when nobody in use , call recording function also miss in new phone .
didn &apos;t face any issues.we get a clear case in the box , recommended to get a tempered glass since it doesn &apos;t have a gorilla glass .
one thing that lack is theme option is not there you need other software for theme .
very good phone , value for money , my brother have redmi note 5 pro , in most aspects it &apos;s better than note 5 pro even pubg runs buttery smooth and better on this phone than redmi note 5 pro. highly recommend
so i cancelled and ordered another and received it on 14 sept. really awesome phone and the best part is 5000 mah battery .
the product is superb n thanks flipkart for its super fast delivery .
and it have 16 + 5 and 16 mp selfie camera with led flash .
5000mah battery but no use .in idle condition also battery dry please asus solve this issue
for this price its performance really awesome this is my first time comment after purchasing of several mobiles
cameras : - worst 16 + 5 mp cameras but very worst in terms of performance portrait mode is also not automatic we need to adjust it manually that &apos;s a con
it &apos;s worth the money but if they had made the camera app more efficient. i mean if they had installed the asus pixelmaster for dual camera then we can pull out the real power of the camera
very nice and very very very good i like it this mobile
amongst which i would like to mention , no vibrate or silent mode shortcut key , which is a very important feature missing .
and no other phone comes in par with this one .
battery life is so good and body designs are very beautiful
battery backup is awesome and it gives me two days of reliablity .
- 16 mp front cam and 16 + 5 mp dual rear cam is more than awesome
don &apos;t worry about this aspects because i &apos;m using this phone since 3 month but it never got under any type of repairs .
nice product thank you asus and nice delivery time to time
the phone is good it &apos;s battery is awesome nice camera and it comes with a nice processor happy with this phone so far so good thanks flipkart for such a good service
the sensitivity of the touch screen is not that good , sometimes u hv to tap or press on the screen vry hard .
i got it for 11,689. it &apos;s good price for 6gb ram .
but again it also has few but very important drawbacks .
this phone produces best and actual natural colors in pic .
i would even say one of the best even if compared to higher price range phones that range around 20-25 .
got improved camera &apos;s when compared with 3gb and 4gb variant phones. best quality in camera &apos;s both front and rare potrait shots are awesome
needs 2-3times of full charge if i put 2 number of 4g sim cards .
excellent phone . battery , camera , perfomance , display etc .
asus znfone max pro m1 ( gray ) .i am writing my review after 13 days .amazing and mind blowing smart phone in it &apos;s range .
- &amp; gt ; camera omg what a camera u can &apos;t believe is it really 15000 phone , both camera front and rear superb
all good but in camera when we use flash n take close pics it becomes completely bright n pictures are lost .
other than this the phone is very good , i liked it .
this is my first online mobile purchase.after searching alot i bought this mobile.now for rs.15000 / - you can get everything battery , performance , camera , sensors .
if you are looking for the best value for money device for 15k , this is the best you can get .
waste product no one purchase that kind of mobiles in any asus product
if u like a real colour image with great quality then go for it without any doubt but if u like edited unnatural over saturated pics then guys this is not for u .
if the issue is fixed it &apos;s the best value for money smart phone considering the price and the specs under the hood .
speaker problem . cant enable lte. battery drain 4 hours scren on time
3.camera at its best with google camera hdr + support .
3- double tap to on the screen is not working properly sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn &apos;t work .
battery awesome camera in low light is very bad must be improve
called up flipkart for a replacement , rejected as the problem had subsided temporarily , but surprisingly it &apos;s back .
only big con in this is battery drainage occurs fast after using 15 days and even 5000mah massive battery fails to manage that.overall its a must buy .go for it without thinking
simply the best phone you could buy below 15k budget .
i purchased it after watching youtube tutorial about it &apos;s glass but it just breaks .
i got this phone on august 2nd , was waiting for the perfect update for to review this phone , review after using the phone about 2 months
good mobile u must go for it asus zenfone max pro m1 6 gb ram overall i will rate 5 / 5 as it &apos;s good for all both camera , performance nd battery all is good under 15k .
we can change colour. but also it is little warm. that is the only problem. i loved its speaker. it is very crisp and clear and the boom box also helped me. thanks flipkart
i buy my mobile with complete mobile protection plan dated on 05-oct-18 rs.499 / - .
camera is pathetic. they did great marketing by youtube videos but believe me it is worst camera .
nice ram management , i bought this product 12k , valu for mony
3.i tried low , average and heavy use : in all condition battery crossed 36 hrs benchmark ( all time 4 g on )
it takes 5 to 7 hours for full charging. some times fast charge works and it takes 2.30 hours
very happy with the performance of asus zenfone max pro m1 .
