Granted no one died or was terribly mutilated but  I always thought that, in Little Women, when one sister burned the other sister’s only book manuscript that she’d been working on forever it was a pretty horrible thing to do.
Perks and foil cards are gonna have me overwelmed. Another pay wall thats gonna leave me in the dust of p2w
I haven't been following the sneaker game in a while but bruh, what are these?   They look like some team Jordans, no?
> and is used on Twitch to tip people.    Just like BTC back in the days, this is a sign for great things to come, and make my early retirement a reality.  I’m gonna go all in NANO.
I wouldnt say they were all small schools. One I remember was Valparaso vs Kentucky and Kentucky got some pivotal calls.   a lot of foul calls against the smaller teams would be fouls where the defender hasnt fouled, things like that
i prefer a nice fully programmable keyboard and a MX Master mouse. its nice until you have to type in some copy, or make some labels, buttons etc and you need to type. a customizable mouse is much better for designing imo
My mind was blown with their demo.  You guys should check out their blog for more such conversations....Daamn, Google and their AI work is out of this world...Hope it will be for the better for the world.
For my service, we had to have 10 mm of hair, no longer, it really bothered me, but people used to imply i was a sissy for it.  wanted to see how westerners look at this sort of thinng .
I’m hit and miss with 4411, sometimes it’s really solid in def and great in atk and other games I just get taken apart defensively and can’t create anything going forward, but the ST suggestion is definitely what I’m looking at just hope he finally starts scoring some goals
Dafran makes tracer work because he’s simply that good, so no reason to think she won’t be played in owl at all.
When Kirito gets his girly avatar in GGO it is mentioend that it is very rare and people would pay a lot of money for it, so you probably have to get your hands on a randomly generated base model.
Queen shit was reskinned dude. and they had been sitting on them since vanilla. We have an escalation set in this DLC and a Mars one as well.
This appeared on my feed and I started judging whether it's posted on r/prequelmemes or r/marvelstudios. Turns out it's actually perfectly balanced: r/thanosdidnothingwrong.
Set game to fastest and start your snowball early :) I have only played 2.0 so I’m a bad judge but although the early game is probably my least favorite part I don’t mind it.
I think a lot of this attitude toward sushi eaters is based on being perceived as a weeaboo more than anything else. Hahahaha look at the dude eating sushi for lunch. Care for some Pocky with that, desu desu desu waifu tentacle?
Sugou embodies the feeling of arrogance almost better than anyone else in the series. However, it isnt the worst being in the series for me. He is a piece of shit, but a small one when it comes to it
WB's marketing has been very spotty.  We got great MoS trailers, A couple of great BvS trailers, and a bunch of garvage BvS trailers, meh WW trailers, great SS trailers, and trash JL trailers.
I’d love to see the source where Sony state this generation will be shorter. I await your link.......  People that believe the PS5 is coming next year don’t understand how technology or the games industry works.
There is a bit of a bell curve when it comes to sets. They start off low on massdrop, skyrocket as soon as they are actually released and people start getting them, then drop back to either retail or below after about 2-3 weeks.
> Plus, I don't think tuition is "free" to expats (someone feel free to correct me).  NRW and Baden-Wuertemberg no longer offer free tuition to foreign students.
This brought a smile to my face :) (I was frowning so hard before) I’m really happy for you! Congrats on finding someone new :)
Yeah, I mean I hate Trump's lying, woman hating, crime ridden guts.  but I still don't wish him dead, and I would not be super happy to have my kids teacher pull this
LMAO  I also LOVED J-hope in the last episode telling the story of Yoongi being so tired and having to pack that he didn't care about his birthday cake surprise. Honestly though my favorite part is J-hope in that scene because THATS HOW I TELL STORIES <3 <3
I think I'm not good at Fortnite because I haven't played shooters like CoD and I strugle a lot so I kinda crumble when action gets faster.
So would the sound play out to everyone over a speaker system or something? Sorry I thought you meant through headphones like at a silent disco where everyone hears the same but when you take your headphones off it’s just a load of people dancing to ‘nothing’
I'm not really sure what his point was to be honest.  It would be like my pointing at a list of road\-death numbers when someone was defending speed limits.  Huh?
Gaysians need to navigate the sexual fetishism that AFs face PLUS the emasculation AMs face. Sounds tough as fuck; thus, it sounds like they should have all the incentive in the world to fight against the social engineering and empower themselves.
If you're worried speak to a doctor or go to the ER. We cannot give you medical advice on this subreddit. Take care of yourself.
> The other moron was wondering why drug companies still do business with countries that 'steal' from them.           It was a rhetorical question you utter belm.
The “sun” is just the closest star to earth. So being the closes star to earth, and supporting all life in the planet makes a star the sun.
Yeah somebody mentioned it previously. Maybe he took a chance. Drug testing is random. Or maybe it’s not drugs, it’s mental or his elbow.
I have also have a lot of crashing since the last update and i have similar specs to you, r5 1600, gtx 980 16 ddr4.
They are reluctant to declare if the war goal province is already occupied in another war. Park 1 thousand troops on Constantinople so that your siege doesn't progress. Wait until kebab declares, only after that bring the rest of your sieging stack.
This remind me of the other crazy post on r/creepypms the one where the dude sleeps outside some girls house.  Sure it's not part 2?
No it didn't turn out they were deceptively edited. You do realise those people went to prison? What okeefe got in trouble for was the fact that he illegally obtained his recordings
Usernames are an ID, not a security layer.  I'd use full names for user accounts and use long passwords for security. All external access should sit behind MFA. If your a non-profit you might have access to some MS Azure AD components which includes mfa.
If you show people how great it is to build pyramids, soon they’ll start selling pyramids to sell to others, and they’ll end up buying from you! You’re LOSING money by not participating!
but calling the vast majority of republicans wrong and misinformed at best, actively hateful at worst is still excessively partisan amirite?
One is bugged and if you don’t save it for last it won’t count. They’re aware of it so hopefully it’s fixed soon.
There's also achi AP for rezzing a certain number of PC/NPCs. Most people who've played it for a while have already got it years ago, there are newer players.
Well I’ll be darned! I did not know that about espresso vs. drip coffee.   Also, I didn’t realize my espresso machine makes 4 shots at once, not two... which explains a lot really.   As far as skim milk goes, the app list skim milk as 3pts/cup... I dunno 🤷‍♀️
Oh no worries, I wasnt trying to show you up or anything. I love that our coaching staff can find athletes that the big programs don't want and coach them up to be All-Americans.
who knows. Fil and arvy and probably ekholm are the only ones in this group who gave a shit. Bonino was good in the first round and then was comatose against Winnipeg. everyone else was terrible
I’m from Huntington, and I tend to think the same. My mom grew up in Coram, and she describes that as out east.
this, or run one of the newer 11-34 cassettes that work on 10 speed freehubs if your RD will clear. If you don't shift in the 34 anyways then you could get by on the other 10 gears and at least be able to shift.
To be honest, I'm a lot more nervous about the stand mixer. Exposed, high speed spinny bits, and that thing has torque
> Sorry, if you get pleasure from sex with a stranger you are probably obese and have addiction problems  Maybe we have finally found the reason for America's obesity problem! Fatties just want pleasure from sex!
I miss the days of Japanese wildcards tearing up the field at Suzuka. Could never happen the way the sport is structured now, bit of a shame really. 1998 was another great example, Haga and Nanba (both wildcards) in the top 5 and Biaggi winning in his debut.
I’m guessing between the teams struggles and the redundancy of the gnome giveaway the appeal has dropped off. Not sure what the specific reason is but that would be my guess.
It totally depends on if the 13 year olds get to the post first and proceed to downvote, and then the rest of them follow the downvoting without reading.
just give up on the Dems.  boycott their primaries too.  i'm not saying GOP is the answer but only vote in general elections until these idiots start putting forward actually decent human beings as candidates for offices that a paid with public money.
Seems like too low of a sell if you suspect they're not "paying attention" as much. I'd make an offer for Thor, deGrom, Strasburg, or Nola
the Moderates that burned a flag and chanted death to america yesterday. seem like great moderates to me, lets work with them and see how things work out.
But if she does cut Derrick, would he still vote for her? We already know that Will, Maddy, and Ryan are 100% voting Paras when it's Kaela vs Paras. Really, Kaela's problem was the trio more than anything else.
Yeah I’ll probably end up getting the loot and saving Ganon for the very last. In terms of the Korok seeds I’ll probably only try to get enough to expand my inventory to how I see fit
When I installed it, filebot was *only* available as a snap package. Had to download and gut it and make start script so it works outside..
The test is with the goal of eventually making what foreflight tells you now a legal clearance rather than just what you can expect the controller to read to you.
I’ve been listening to all her podcasts and signed up to the 30 day alcohol experiment (4 days now!). Every morning Annie sends an email and video and it’s brilliant!!  I got the downloaded book to go :)
Shut up or I’ll ddos you ip then DNS spoof u I can hack ur bank account just with terminal that’s how good I am and btw I run Kali Linux so watch out
No, I don’t have that. My model works by pressing the unlock button on the remote to open. That it is the more advance option available on some models in some countries ...
There's already VAC and Overwatch, what more could they possibly do? How would a 3rd anti-cheat system make a difference when there are 2 in place?
I hear ya. Being able to do raids while on the bus would be the best way to get gold for gyms on my commute. Especially with double BXP during this event.
* One guy, I found out that he'd beat and choke his girlfriend when he had hissy fits * Another guy who'd constantly whine about "false rape allegations" raped a friend of mine
Good gawd man.  That looks fantastic.  Its like every top, even those in the back, turned to smile at the camera.  Im medicated too...so there's that.
thanks man, she’s my baby :)  sorry about jinx btw, i know how it feels....and the worst part about it was i was in shock when i found out she died....i took her for granted all the time
Interest. Look for stuff you like and think about whether you would like to make it too and then practice.  But also there’s a lot of great jobs in working with people like artists, and different ways to be creative.
In Aussie Rules dropkicks used to be the preferred method of kicking - where the call hit the ground and it was kicked off the half-volley. Now it’s always kicked on the full without the ball touching the ground. It’s primarily called a drop punt.
The question going forward isn’t whether we prefer it happened or not. The question is whether we should do stuff like it again in the name of progress.  I’d warn against a technologically advanced society which has forfeited it ethics, thats basically how you create the traditional dystopia.
Uhh. +3 atk stmmed marines will do about 12.5 dps vs +3 armor zealots. Did you read what I posted before?
Morphine and heroin are basically prescribed only in emergency trauma treatment and end\-of\-life palliative care, or to manage already\-addicted people.  You don't walk into a doctor's office and get a morphine prescription to get better.
I took 8 yeas to finish the last 2 years of my BS. They stopped the money when I hit $58000 in federal loans.
Some gas lads on my Facebook feed after sharing a pro-Life video of an aborted feotus saying "Paddy Jackson needs to sort the feminists out".
Steins;Gate was the anime that got me into visual novels. Now I generally don't bother with VN anime adaptations and just read the source material instead.  Also OP - have you tried the Muv-Luv games? If you enjoyed Grisaia there's a good chance you'll like them.
Dear Big Networks: That horse ain't getting any deader. 75% of Reddit probably wasn't even a twinkle in their daddy's eye when she got out that blue dress, nobody gives a shit!
As far as I know Meyers doesn't kill any NPCs, at least not any named ones.  The reason to pick Meyers over Slim, if you ask me, is that Nash gives you a pretty good discount at his shop if Meyers is sherrif.
> Best Bundesliga player since January  Says who? Yeah, he might be doing well at Hoffenheim right now but I don’t see him leading the wing at a possession based top club like us.
> which could pose a problem behind that OL.  What? I've been assured there's nothing wrong with our OL and we need to spend all our firsts and seconds in the draft on cornerbacks and never sign a starting OL ever again.
Sumail is a TI winner and everyone including his teammates and other highly respected pros consider him one of the best mechanical players. He's terrible in the offlane though, I'll give you that.
Damn if I didn’t feel like a horny teenager! 😁 I’m not going to let the first time with this guy, if it ever comes (and I don’t have much hope) be in McDonald’s bathroom.  If I do manage to crack the seal though, all bets are off. Lol
God damnit that was the goodest boye in the world  And I didn't even bother reading the story after that, it was enough sadness for one day
Well I met Pacioretty’s aunt and she told me he was absolutely going down to Florida. I know it sounds nuts but its not.
Everytime they rage at you I just reply with ''and?''.   I'll usually get to 10 rage filled responses before they ragequit or just stop typing
Just remember that ADHD is a made up illness so that parents can force their kids to behave using DRUGS. The best treatment you can get is lots of love and DISCIPLINE 😊 my 2 cents
I can actually do that. I can even hold that position on my own depending on what I can hook my toes onto. 😈
Except Psykos practically already admitted that Orochi is actually some kind of super monster made from a human by secret means that only Psykos knows about.
I used to be a deckhand on a boat during the summers when I was 13-18.  I think because I'm female people just don't believe it, even though I'm from the coast...  I'm always met with a, *"No way!"*
I figured as much, but I was using this as an example for a f2p friendly build which doesn't include TMRs :) you can hit 862 SPR without even a dualwield in this way
R Kelly has been on my “never play” list for years now, but it didn’t work when it came to playlists sip I’m happy about this.
Sure, in hindsight I should've bought a supporter pack back when I started, but I rarely spend this much on stuff. Maybe 1-2 packs' worth total ever since I started.
You spent $500+ on a piece of useless hardware, now you’re trying to sell it without the box because it’ll cost you a few more dollars. Not only are you extremely stupid, but also cheap in the worst way possible.
They added another season at the end (split into two) that was unnecessary and un-called for.    It would have ended with more integrity if it ended when Gus...you know.
TBH I think that's just people in general. Henry Caville made a video of himself  in Times Square surrounded by giant Batman vs Superman billboards without a single person recognizing him
It will downsample if you choose the higher res. It won't look as good as native 4K obviously, but it acts like really good AA.
I wonder how the two would fair in a fight against each other  Android 18 beats bayo in every physical attribute, but bayo has the most stupid op had ever   Multiple stacking witch times  So I wonder if bayo could win by haxing 18 out
Perfect advice & I agree with you 100%.  “They never thought She would loss”.  Thanks for the great comment Patriot ⚓️
He will have to make some deals with governments to stay relevant.  We’ll see how important his new found fame and fortune is to him.
So what you mean is I save my awakening shards, and I select those newing awakenings from the free upcoming selectors?   I do have a BB at lvl 40, do I awaken it?
And now FOL worths ~0.5. Good job plummeting it, TPCI. Not everyone wants those packs. Please give us the choice, even if slightly limited.
I have only seen seasons 1-3 of Flash but I del The plot is too repetitive, bad flash comes good flash fights him, bad flash turns out to be “the most unexpected” character, Barry time travels at some point and screws everything over.
Go to the dr and get an anti depressant.  You want to live but hormones in your head are telling you different. Don’t fall for it. If you really need help call 911
That’s true, but the fact that the minions affect the tracking is what is annoying. It’s just a quality of life improvement tho it’s not a huge deal
Antonio Callaway comes to mind. He didn’t necessarily start to underperform, he just flat out never played because of suspensions. He had such a good freshman year
First shiny UB, too! Now to finish the game, get the charm, and start hunting legends and Blacephalon. Don't want to do another full odds hunt for a long, long time.
Ned Warged into Ice lol  I also like the idea of GreyWind/Robb still being alive and fused together. (Is it obvious I have a thing for the Starks?)
The company that manages my software charges 90euro p/h.  It would cost me maybe 200euros to get this $55,000 error fixed.
I had a co-worker tell me yesterday that Sweden is freer than America, and that America isn't the freest country on Earth. Boy did I have a surprise for him...
Well, it feels like every time we’re in the Falcon for an extended period of time something breaks or catches on fire.  Multiply this by 10 years of Han’s lack of fixing anything aesthetic and say “what a piece of junk!”
This is most likely fake as fuck and I would never upvote a shirtless Tom Cruise post but I'm going to be generous and upvote just for the initiative.   You can still see how misaligned Tom Cruise's fucking teeth are haha
They weren’t profitable for businesses during the recession so the industry had to change their model in order to stay open.
Lately I've been nicknaming any Alakazam I use "Strange". He definitely stole the show in Infinity War as well.   The movie poster you used to make this was definitely asking to have a Pokeball overlayed on it with that pose.
I just can't think for that many hours a day :(  After 8-9 hours, my brain is jello.  If I could do that many hours, I would *love* to work there.
This happened in my home state of Minnesota.  There are dumbasses like this all over the place during the summer.  I live within 15 miles of about 7 different lakes and people just pull out of one and drive to the next without even strapping anything down.
Where do you work? My evals are about 1 hour 15 to 1 hour 30 depending. Oasis SOC would be 3 hours though.
Yeah that's more the point I was making, great discipline. I know people who earn more and are constantly in debt because they live like dipshits. So it just makes me happy to see people being responsible. Fuck when did I turn into my parents..
Yeah I saw the same thing happen with MRAs and others on Reddit. Increasingly, online movements construct themselves by sharing the worst of their enemies' statements. Often a co-construction of two movements or tendencies.
They are listed as PVP  look for the servers that are listed as I believe PVP-F or something but they are under PvP. As you browse the official servers on the PVP side you'll see it's a PVE Conquest clearly.
Only bug I’ve found is when hiding the mini map the quick prayers no longer work. Playing on galaxy tab s2. Everything else is running perfect 👌 Well done.
Just put them up for average sell price/ lowest price if you want to sell fast, you gain way more. Instasell is bollucks
I usually spend 10-15 minutes deciding what anime to watch, then decide to just read a manga from an anime I've already watched.   And on that note, I finished reading the himegoto manga and its actually rly good.
Thank you dear ComicTrap, for blessing us with this beautiful prediction today. This isn't satire, but truth. Anyone who denies it, needs to be destroyed. Anyways, I just hope our lord and savior spares Falco Grice.
Cut my bollocks off mate its so frustrating being a Swole Patrol fan. Fuck it, better luck next time.  In other news, Splyce are looking to continue the tradition of showing how much worse teams can get. More news at 6
Yeah......lots of guys become rapey and insistent about their desire when they have been drinking/drugging.   I am sure he was focusing on his desire, and just doesn't want to realize that it had gone WAY TOO FAR.
Mine used to. It was a girls’ school in London. Actually almost all the schools I know/have worked at in the UK allow the nurse/staff to at least give pads to students (some won’t give tampons in case students don’t know how to use them and problems occur).
I know it was just a video I found and it had those icons. I would've added the subreddit, F8RGE, DICE
Yeahh I thought that was the simpler way that’s what I did at least. It’s just more accurate than finding the gradient I guess, but it still gives the right answer
Do they have to be somewhat semi realistic?  Jorginho, Fekir, Oblak. We'd be going toe to teo with City with these 3. But why just 3? We have the money, I'm hoping for Fekir, Jorginho a keeper, another forward and a CB.
I def wish the throat hit was stronger but It's the best one I've tried so far. But i also cover the holes where the pod sits on my juul when i inhale to get stronger hits so that helps too. Have u tried any other juices?
It is not, it’s actually a succulent! Embarrassingly I threw away the label on accident but it has bright red fuzzy blooms.
What is your dose rate for those?  I'm looking at doing a 1 bbl kettle sour and I see goodbelly volumes all over the map, some a qt, some 2 shots and of course that's for 3\-10 gallons most of the time.
I mean, he was emotionally driven and had the power to bring the dead back to life. Though that also included himself after his disciple betrayed him.  If Snoke is Plageius is he also just knockoff Jesus?
What's more impressive is that the girl wasn't even in the actual storyline, instead she was featured in just 2-3 panels. And she has a name too?? ...wtf
I had to do that for basically half of the 13/14 season. Watching that 5-1 Arsenal game was still magical even if it was a day late.
Thunderskill is all we have. The Tiger II H stats are BETTER now directly because of the APDS nerf and cent3 FV4202 BR increases.  The fix is simple, make APDS a decent ammo again.
Jiraiya isn't a terrible 7*, I would consider him middle-of-the-pack, definetly usable. His main drawback is innate dark damage on his best move, and you have to unlock it.
Because rich people and religious people have teamed up to put them there. They don’t need to be smart, they just need to follow orders.
It is easy to solve that problem - prove to the cat that you’re infact a fully capable hunter. The easiest way to do that is by brining it raw meat or live prey.
what class did you take with Zeger? I plan to take 109 with him in Fall. Lug is no longer teaching 109 next year... either Zeger \(fall\) or vardy \(winter\).
This is a sort of nostolgia for a golden age that might never have existed.  Republicans have made human decency into a partisan issue.
The person you linked does seem to be sarcastic once and a while*Well maybe more often*  but other wise helpful.   Why do you make a entire topic to just waist some new account?
So women are so weak and fragile they can’t co-exist in a world where most men won’t hurt them but they think they will die to the actions of a minority of criminal men. That’s the jist of what she’s saying
That’s a fair assessment. I mean at this point, I would agree my post was probably an overreaction.  Thanks for your response.
My pup pretended not to like seedless watermelon. Left the fridge open one time and she managed to get the whole container out. Luckily she still hadn't figured out how to open the lid LOL They are wayy to smart for their own good
Druid is an amazing class for nature's mark alone.  A massive AOE long duration -10 deflection/reflex is a godsend on potd.
Going by that logic, the Red Sox have the 4th best bullpen in baseball? Because the consensus surely doesn't agree with you there
Let me guess. The next thing you're going to say is I'm not worth the time and then you stop replying. Because you dont even understand *how* you were an idoit. Do you? That's the problem lmao.
Of course people complained, but that's *very* different to 'half the fandom wanted him *dead*'.   People complain about Barry every episode, no-one wants him dead, lol.
Hell yeah I'd love something like this. Stardew Valley is the closest thing I know of but the dungeon is still a huge part of the game. You could emulate Animal Crossing perhaps? City Folk is pretty great and emulates well on most computers.
That’s where I’m about to try him properly, did have a little go with him there but changed formation around to try and better suit the players I have
Yes they are still in the supply drops! Just got the Homestead variant of the M38 in one of my epic bribes.
As a hard Brexiteer I'm tentatively excited I may actually get my wish. Expected to lose it at every hurdle so far, tbh.
Said another way:  "The fabric of the soul is dyed by the color of it's thoughts." -Heraclitus  Too many people forget that they have a choice over which thoughts they entertain.
coming from divorced parents my whole life, yeah i think it’s the smartest idea to just wait and enjoy life while i’m young.  thinking about how young i am, it’s not the end of the world and idk why i’m freaking out about it right now.
It's not. They did what they did. I wonder if you were in their shoes if you would do the same. I dont think it was stripped. They had a deadline for alot of things (TLJ). PRIORITIES!!!
I try to do this about 4 mornings a week! Clears my head before I start my work day - 6:00 am I leave my place near MacArthur park, roll to the helipad then back. It’s the best.
Convinced there are as many Scottish people here and making these posts as there are blacks people on blackpeopletwitter... so, almost none.
Not in the area but we’ve had people call or stop in and speak with the manager. Then we set up a time to shadow for a couple hours so you can see a little what the floor is like.
My point is that nbc can afford to keep it on the air with the amount viewers it has already but fox couldn’t .
> sassing  2nd time in 3 days and before that never heard this word before in my 31 yrs of life
Possibly an Super Duty with a 6.0 turbo-diesel motor; unstoppable (unless it has emissions control, then it's stopped by the EGR cooler).
There are better heavies to train France heavy crews and there are better medium tanks in general that offers a similar play style. (Mutz, Pilot, M46 KR).
Hello, anyone here that has a dry/oily skin that has had Jawline Acne before? What worked for you? Plus points if you're male!
10 compared to 20 is easier than 10 to 25 and even if its under tuned just giev less ilvl like in wotlk.
> all we have to do is help wake them up  lol no, capitalism is terrorism that brainwashes people into being polite their their bosses and landlords.
I think early ad9s and maxons ad9003 and some memory man ones do. The original aqua puss had them too. I'm sure there are others.
Jhin wasn't the issue here, not even remotely. Doublelift actually looked like he was in ELO hell this game. He was putting out insane amounts of damage.
It's a butthurt incel trying to false flag.  No extremist SJW like this guy is acting to be would have the "REEEEE" meme in their profile name.
> Now might be the last chance to prevent a disaster which Corbyn seems so keen to usher in.  it's going to make neoliberalism look like a little baby given our new need to be extra comeptitive.
The Estado Novo wasn’t really fascist, that would be the Blueshirts that were disposed of after a failed coup against the Estado Novo regime.
>Reaper is pretty interesting and mildly terrifying.  Yeah but they needed to buff his voice's damage, range, ROF and magazine capacity by at least 789697%.
Hopefully I learn from my mistakes  I ,to this day, regret not approaching that girl, we exchanged eye contact many times ...she’s damn cute It appears like I gave her the cold shoulder however I was dying to talk her at least
Really lovely art, but do you think you could repost this with the artist’s (your) name in the title as is requested by the rules?  Thank you for your submission!
This is for the game called Islands of Nyne. Which is another battle Royale game. I have no idea what the roster consists of though.
Yo thanks a lot! I'm only here and able to pursue my goals and dreams because of others around me. I work hard, but I'm truly a product of those I choose to surround myself with. Thank you for the encouragement! 😊❤️
Waiit. there is a group for that game mode? memes about it byside, how do you play this mode without stalemate interruption? no engies allowed?  the UI everywhere wrecks this mode for me btw
I like the zero-float cleats because it feels like clipping out is more immediate. It seems to help form a bit too.
When is World coming out for Switch? When MH World 2 comes out, it will be focused on Sony's next console and with Switch not being powerful enough to run World already, there's no way PS5 games will be ported to switch.
eg kicking uni backfired. if uni was in team it wud be possible to comeback with new 2-1-2 changes i think.
I’m Canadian. We literally build roads over lakes here because they freeze solid. It gets below -40 every winter. Yes I’m sure the pools would freeze solid. Considering the ground never fully thaws...
So down for this. Let r/highqualitygifs be the iFunny of the gif world. Together, we can turn r/HQGifs into the gif Louvre.
Fair enough, good point, as a multi-billionaire I guess I forget about the little people and their trivial money worries :)
Never read under heaven but lions of al rassan was phenomenal. Will definitely look into his other work, but I’m in the middle of Malazan right now and hooked on that lol.
I mean you're not wrong on the Rekkles part... but Forgiven made Semis at Worlds he's not a shit adc.  Attack his argument but if you need to talk shit about the guy making it you're not contributing to the conversation.
I think his favorite was Flintoff. In England's 2008 tour of India he spoke about how he wishes he had a guy who could bowl 150+ and tonk bowlers out of the ground.
Soviet works too. I wasn't talking just about the music though, it's the whole act - the staging, costumes, the gimmick... Feels like I'm watching a heavily censored low-budget comedy made in a communist country
When you go through your friends, there is someone at the very end that says “it’s not clear how you get to know this character.” I am imaging that that is also a romantic option?
There are a ton of past MAC collections I wish I had taken the plunge on. At the top of my list are Ariana Grande’s Viva Glam lipstick, the Cinderella collection, and the Selena Amor Prohibido lipstick. 💔
Theory or nagafen. Theory was teaming with the and were doing pretty good but out of no where he stopped playing with them according to beezhy
I PUT A TAQUERIA ON THE ROOF, IT GOT RAVE REVIEWS   also: Dancing in my underpants, I’m gonna run for government
This game is like a fighting game. It is more niche due to the higher skill floor. It is unfortunate that playerbase is a form of validation for a lot of people.
No the Chromebook does not, this is that I was thinking that I should probably somehow read the levels on windows, then send those to the Chromebook
To add to this, marking, healing and reviving are the easiest for most people so don’t use these challenges early and save them for the 100% population challenges in the ending weeks.
And a similar percentage of black voters vote for white democrats as well, and yes this guy is an idiot.   He also believes there’s only 4 careers: carpenters, farmers, doctors and ....air.  I wish I were making this shit up.
How do people hit 100k miles on a lease.  That’s 33k miles a year, or almost 3x the average of 12.  Wow.
The traffic will increase from 4 a month to 34.   Regardless of traffic in other straights, that is a tremendous leap in traffic. I’m not sure if the Vancouver Fraser Port Authority will be able to handle such a jump.
The cooler isn't that valuable honestly. Just get CRYORIG H7 and SSD instead of H110i.  Get better cooler later. You want that SSD. OS is so much smoother with SSD.
Depends on playstyle. Keep one trinket that gives passive healing for deed runs that cause bleed and no heals. Then up to you, always keep curse resistance, reroll the highest hero power stuff until you get stats you want then play until you get reds.
Used quite a few Raytheon products back in my military days. Never came across that though. Hard to see much due to the photo quality, but for now I’m leaning towards a USB fan like the other poster mentioned.
Pan is very good.  Agl ssb vegeta is fine but kinda obsolete when you get the dokkan fest one.  You probably wont find any use for teq ssb.
I think about this quote a lot and it inspires me to get shit done even if im hungover. Thanks Ricky
For future googlers, my screen resolution was way too high (3840x2160, zoomed 250%) so my hardware was getting crazy trying to render all that.
You two physically resemble each other. It doesn’t help that you have the same color on your heads whether it’s hair or hat.
I live in Australia. It’s hot for like 9 months of the year, and I still can’t stand cold showers. Starting off with a normal shower and then gradually working towards a colder one works well, but I could never do straight up cold water.
Yes! The Anko Hacker keyboards. They’re only available from Korea but you can snag them from eBay from time to time.
DOUBLELIFT ALL SOLD OUT in 2 mins.... :( So I paid for the custom Jersey with his name. Worth the extra $10
Bug happend to me on a scav run, I couldn't see it but my friend shared screen on discord and I was making a solid trail of vepr mags in old gas station. If only he had shadow play to record it for me XD
Went through OSUT with multiple females in my company. They went through the same thing males did. Also, no stress cards.
Well Itsuno is working on yet to be announced game. If that isn’t DMCV i will stop believing but it’s DMCV
i’m sure some of the parishes have sub par goriest but the whole diocese? idk  but then again i don’t know the whole situation and i’m sure there are more moving parts than anybody knows. definitely a troublesome situation for all parties.
Not gonna deny that. But unless you’re on some insane steroid scheme (which he probably was) (probably) it’s not only IMPOSSIBLE to do but also extremely IMPOSSIBLE. That’s not biased, that’s facts.
It's part of a frond from a fenestellid bryozoan. This family lived throughout most of the Paleozoic dying off in the late Triassic.
Clearly list the contents of the box on your “For Sale” post, that way you tell the potential buyer exactly what they should expect and they shouldn’t be able to refund for missing accessories.
An action that clears stress? It would require re-writing rules as you cannot take actions when stressed but I’m into the idea
The P90 us a bit of a joke in the Airsoft world. They're a short range, award waste of time. It's a shame because there are plenty of more sci-fi looking assult rifles, G36 comes to mind.
When I post the final in fifa last night and dis morning when I first heard Playboi Carti’s album and thought it was trash but now I like so it’s good
>I dont think ive ever even talked with a Spiritualist FE barring vague acknowledgment of each other's existence.  "Have you heard the good news!?"  "nooot interested"
Haggis pizza  I got it from a tesco in Scotland. I don’t think I ever had a pizza that tasted so decadent in my life. I thought I was going to go into a food coma it was so calorific.
It might be. People complained about how 1703 made it slower, even I noticed it. Then 1709 fixed the speed but didn't fix the rawinput 0 problems for people who use that. 1803 now fixed everything, at least I suppose. My friend told that rawinput 0 works now.
It’s a valid point. McCain is already a political invalid, unable to even vote.   Trump should promote that aide for telling the truth.  Fuck these outrage pimps.
If they want a ‘yes man’ then I have no confidence in Gazidis, Mislintat and Sanllehi to make the right moves to bring us success.
You don’t fire the head of your lobbying division because they hired someone who didn’t quite deliver on desired policy changes.
I have gotten one each day after 15 minutes of farming for it if I try to farm for literally 8 hrs another won’t drop
Thank you!! Just checked out your blog; it looks so great, congrats on getting started 😊 Followed you on Instagram as @thevolcanicveins !!
I’ve been saying stuff about this too. I hunk they should remove the current imposter and put in the first version of Dir Wacht am Rhein from before .6
Thanks. I just want other moms who can commiserate on academic life and dealing with silly people. Guess we aren’t meant to be :(
No, it worked like a month ago, it’s just that all the portals got broke while Hause was fucking around with plugins, no clue when they’re coming back.
YES weather swap please!! I need to be napping by the pool to bake this fucking flare out of me 😬
Lol nice story mate. That is normal, Atleast we learn on every mistakes. Just continue exploring your self. Cause in the world of crypto, We must DYOR.
It is interesting that there is no explaining what is geocacheing exactly, it is just stated there. Are other countries more aware of this than mine? If somebody asks me what I'm doing, I say it is a tourist game of hide'n'seek.
Your comment implies you were surprised that people asked you for money instead of food. “Not food, money”.   My comment shows surprise that you had ever been asked for food in the first place.
What I mean is I had to downgrade so that I could then upgrade to a new node, but I don’t understand why.
Dash Berlin - Waiting Dash Berlin - ‘Til he sky falls down Dash Berlin - Better Half of Me  Ruben De Ronde - Time Has Come
Did you guys come back from break or go to worst of’s and what did it turn out to be that had the little guy all worked up?
I’m pretty confident Kylo could just hold Iron Man in place and keep him from doing anything, then just take his head off. He was fast enough to freeze a blaster bolt in place, I don’t see Tony winning this.
Tom Brady has it regularly and he’s been very healthy so there’s something to it, obviously. Hasn’t helped him catch a pass though.
I literally thought it was a running gag!  Some inside joke about a celebrity and I didn’t care enough about it to figure the meaning behind it.  Jet fuel can’t melt steel beams...Steve Buscemi was a firefighter during 9/11...
I’m not op but same story pretty much. Dog had instant regret all over her face. Tried to lick it to make it better. I had to get some stitches but I fessed up to bothering the dog so she wasn’t punished. Learned my lesson!
It’s probably possible, but no one’s putting any effort into developing any because the seeds are in the core, and no one eats the core.
Open a Roth IRA and put at least a little bit of money away every paycheck. Also, a 401(k) and put a little money away pre-tax.
He’s a narcissistic sociopath.  The only thing I can think of is...when I was scared as a kid one time, he let me sleep in his bed. That’s prob the nicest thing he’s ever done, for me at least.
I think we owe them that considering they completely collapsed after the 2-1.  I was really rooting for them to fonish second until el morro decided to fuck everyone up, but I still want them to get to the libertadores
I think there was a survey like 2-3 years ago. It would be inaccurate but I doubt it would be too far off
Look at Vardy’s record against top 6 teams and Newcastle’s home defensive record recently.  I wouldn’t do any of those transfers
What's happening in half of those cases is that you're hitting an aether-powered scale (hellion/pangar). As to the other half, /shrug
Man Utd have nothing to play for and they have 1 eye on the FA Cup final. I wouldn’t go for United at the moment
Winter Soldier's not farmable at the moment but deserves a mention because he's a solid blaster in addition to being a villain, so you're covering two bases with the gold and time you'd put into him.
Client support is the worst in planet Earth. Many bugs for more advanced users. Tie-in sale is plainly prohibited in Brazil's Consumer Protection Code and they do anyway. They don't respect neutrality...
\>  Google ~~sodomises~~ redesigns YouTube's UI, on first glance.   yeap, how many times have they broken the comments system alone now? 5?  6?
A random assortment of lagunitas and the twins game tonight. I’m looking forward to a relaxing weekend of movies sports and video games after a wild few weekends
my hype level dropped significantly today after seeing the post...it went from "iama buy this game and get all my friends from ffxiv into this game with early access and everything" to "meh i'll wait and see..." but there's still hope, lets see what they got to say...
I just don’t get why I always see these discounts for the Pro model of this and the last gen, but never just the Dark Rock model.
/u/I-POOP-RAINBOWS your post has been removed as it contains personal information and reposted content.  Please remember that failure to remove personal information can result in a subreddit and / or sitewide ban.
What does that mean? I have 36k gold right now so it would take some of my gems to get to 40k. I also don’t use my gems too often for gold or chests.
Ox's first touch from Millie's challenge is fantastic. Then one touch out of his feet onto his right foot and BOOM!! A belter.
I don't understand why they butcher the fe7 character art in heroes. Is it to make future alts a necessary buy?
If you’re feeling really lonely, you don’t have to troll people them to acknowledge you. I’m sure your loves...whatever you’ve become.
im saying. idk why i never felt that carti would ever really evolve into more lyrical music albeit slightly and he did imo and i like it way better. i also like that all of the songs i can hear his voice over the beat lmao
Your team? You mean the team that georgia frontiere ran into the ground and St Louis stole from LA in the first place......
The 300 is a actually a pretty good car banger status aside, down’t think the brand is going anywhere so long as people still want minivans.
Ackchyually, her bones would be more flexible than older bones.  Plus, if you're going to suffer major brain trauma younger is better as your brain can develop skills in different regions - under 13yrs for best results.
So Leader Kim read “Art of The Deal.” Why is he giving up all his leverage before negotiations even begin?  I’ll tell you why: The deal has already been done. The rest is theater. Beautiful, leftist destroying theater.
I don’t understand your point. Economy in germany is fine so it‘s not an issue for the them and leaves them room to have other issues as more important.
Could the longness of my eyes be due to genetics and if I stop wearing glasses will my eyes be less reliant on it and actually start getting better?
I guess spamming divekicks and being plus whenever you want takes skill tho. I can simplify a character's gameplan like this too. God you are retarded
Yeah I was hooked every week, only time I lost interest were the Palm episodes but there were only 2 or 3 of them and we got some cute Killua action.
Tacos - just add tortillas and toppings.  Or get a hoagie roll and add some cheese and giardiniera. Throw it on a flatbread with some cheese and bake it. Generally anything involving putting it on bread then eating it.
Obviously I'm in the minority but I kind of liked Movie 43. It's definitely weird but the one about the parents homeschooling their kid was funny. Also the hugh jackman one with balls on his chin
Yea that’s my thought process. We both deal wth each other, sometimes in a good way, sometimes in a bad way.
So there's much less physically strong units than I'm used to. I've never really used Tana or Syrene and just go with Cormag usually. Also seems I'll learn how to use a dancer right. Boots are definitely going to Amelia.
Original content posted by /u/TripleDsinThisBitch  >I'm a bot. Report the post (not this comment) if you want your content removed. Thanks!
2.5 chapters covered, half of 79 and 80-81 exact. In fact, the next episode should cover at least 82-83, and probably a bit of 84.
This is the answer to “what if rocks are actually soft & only feel hard because they tense up when we touch them” conundrum.
i didnt resist because i was afraid hes hurt me eventhough he wasnt pointing a weapon at me is like saying im going to arrest you because if i have a feeling i dont you will commit a crime. do you see how unfair that is?
There are still old school D&D players who call their to-hit number “THAC0” - I’m sure people will use what they’re used to and everyone will figure it out soon enough. Similarly there are people who will always call “Talents” EPTs.
But it’s possible to make money off of ads on streaming services. They just don’t know how to/don’t care to do so.
Ubers are cheap in Kiev.  I went to this museum last year and was able to get an English speaking tour guide for like US$10 or so.  He was great and took us to a few places that weren’t open to the public.
That whole conversation (which I haven't had btw, so maybe I'm loco) sounds like people liking an artist because that's the socially acceptable thing to do. Xbox vs PS4 etc
Honestly? I don’t miss him.  That’s not to say I didn’t like him at the time for the job he was qualified to do.  He also a heck of a back story that is hard not to admire.
I saw that but I didn’t see a Modi 2, which I mistakenly didn’t add the 2 to the title. Thank you for the suggestion tho!
Preds lost, so I'm still mad.  Upside is my PT mandated exercise ball arrived and now I get to "sit" on it at work.
As someone who played Benvolio and cares very much about his relationship with Romeo, I’m loving that they spoke the same amount of words as Romeo and Juliet.  I’m curious about soliloquies now.
Is anybody here? Sorry my internet went out so if anybody showed up I apologize. message me please if you’re going to join since I’m going to play other games.
i dont remember seeing such an sbc last year but i maybe wrong....usually FUT only focuses POTY and POTM for the premier league......add on to the unlikeliness that currently tots is the current active promotion.
Just imagine how much better your feet would feel while walking around with all that wonderful footskin still intact. All those nerve endings gone and now you’ll never know just how orgasmic walking around on shag carpet can really feel.
Explain, like would he be able to beat class 1-A or The Big Three combined? And where would the first transformation take place like in the tournament or someplace where Izuku transforms for the first time.
Literally anything to do with eyes. I can’t wear contacts, and can’t stand putting in eye drops or anything. I can barely stand the puff of air at the optometrist to test your eye.
Uhmmm... there is no difficulty setting in Souls games... (i agree they are harder (in the right way, not just huge health pools).
The ones that are all-in on it maybe. I have a fair amount of REP, but am not happy with ETH and OMG tanking.
Manipulation of biological systems using signal modulation. Like the “cockroach mind control” project on a larger scale. It can be used in positive areas like helping paralyzed people move and stuff but man would it be hard to push that paper work.
None of us have nearly enough time played in Miramar to cast a fair vote unless you've played it on PC too.  Guarantee you that you'd see a much larger population of PC players voting Erangel haha
Yeah, actually what this person said. My "you're a dad" comment was because I didn't read the post because I'm ~prejudiced~ about sexually active 15-year-olds.
Feathers make pretty much anything shave well and all the Proraso soaps are good. You're looking at nice shaves on a sensible budget there.
Private message me your email. I have a book for hesi that works great for the tests. I got 1220 on my psych using it
I’m struggling hard. Most of my physical symptoms are done. But the anxiety and guilt are driving me crazy.   What specifically are you struggling with (other than not having a drink)?
I noticed that too. Pretty happy I pulled double Seph and can run 525% bonus for the first time!   Love that my one geared Seph and friend can 1turn all waves for once.
The trade I'm in just help'd me bank 18, so I may just have the key, but for real tho, it might be time to get Poke'bank; )
Speaking of good Japanese film, watch Last Cinderella. After watching a bunch of kdramas I was surprised and happy by the ending.
Hindu sahi me Khatre me he. Kuch karna hoga nahi to I don't think we will even be 50% by next generation.
It’ll be negligible. By Memorial Day all precious Avengers movies grossed >90% of their final gross. IW will have had an extra week on top of that.
Reyets is a socail justice app, that gives you the power to uncover and broadcast the truth with the tap of a button, you'll stream, record video and know your civil rights to help you understand and navigate a potentially volatile situation.
Just like when Alli tried to square up to Kouyate in the 1-0 last season and realised Kouyate would fucking batter him
>and also the family Guy that came back.  Brought back from the dead, it is like Pet Sematary version of Family Guy. Outwardly it is the same, but everything is just a little zombiefied.  "Sometimes, dead is better."
Can´t you give the mail to the postoffice or refuse recieving the mail and have the mailman take it back?  This has I done, when mail still came to the former residents.
I do agree about the kimilia bit, but is not like emilia's mentioned kit once or twice ever. There's plenty interviews (video and print) out there where she mentions him.
Yes, but again, this is something on the devs table. What I wanted is to create kind of an “ettiquete” for leaving queues without screwing the others, while we are forced to do the RQs.
Niggers want to suck the government welfare teet while crying independence and freedom and we wuz kangs. French Canadians do the exact same shit but in a gay ass language. Hence why i put French Canadians one step below niggers.
If you read the article it's because neither of the writers who traditionally cover the Independence will be at the game and the two previous times the score was 5-1.
Because, as I said before, this exact thread is made here 10 times a day and is honestly 50% of all posts in this subreddit.   What is gained from asking the same played out question with no actual discussion or insight behind it?
Literally the second pinned post from Epic on the hot topics page of this exact subreddit.   But thanks for noticing something.
Yeah I would wager it’s an earring. Imaging wearing a ring that had that on the underside.. not very comfortable .
Actually the subway had the lower count.  * 1. Citi Bike handlebar - 1,512  2. Starbucks door handle - 1,090  3. LinkNYC kiosk - 807  4. Taxi handle - 424  5. Grand Central door knob - 45  6. Subway hold bars - 35*
Cancelling orders is absolutely idiotic and the reason why I absolutely HATE Bittrex now. I actually prefer any other exchange to Bittrex now.
I automatically do updates either once a week or with Unattended Upgrades, which I think runs daily.   Reboots, most of them are semi-non-production, as I'd like to call it... so I reboot them more when I feel like it.
When you lose a thought, where does it go?   The fact that there are numbers and quantities of things that our brains can’t even *fathom.*
It’s on iOS too. It’s not a strategy guide, just maps/lists/tracking. It won’t offer much useful advice but is comprehensive with all map locations. I used it at 117 shrines I think.
No I’m all for it too! It would be funny because a lot of my friends will be in the crowd and I know they would love something like that
I feel your pain. I spent like 100 dollars to get it imported in march. I’m so salty that they only now decide to release it here after over a year since it was released in the east. :(
Not a terrible idea, but it does scratch my strop (and face), the bit of blade is bent, rather than broken off.
Well you’re supposed to “widen out”. Shame on you. You’re supposed to force friendship with people you have nothing in common with.
Eldorito was killed because they used Microsoft assets. With 343’s stance on fan led games built from scratch (Installation), he wouldn’t have anything to be afraid of.
It’s interesting to watch how the water is dispersed from the design of the ship. It’s like hundreds of years worth of technological evolution led to that specific design
You cant convert to being involuntary celibate  you brainlet...  You can however be blackpilled. So yeah, go ahead and spread the word you have been BLACKED
And not the same window background, makes GGG'S place seem smaller than it is, as if you can't find another place. Hey welcome back Zigg!
I don’t think a question can be truth per say. However it can be used to seek truth but I still don’t see the point in your question.
It's fake and the women's bad acting gives it away more than anything. She sounds like a fucking teletubby or some shit.
And—  Because my boobs are set very far apart on my chest, I just have a feeling it wouldn't look good. It would probs look extremely obvious and unnatural, and gross on me. So I'm probably not a good candidate for breast implants.
Well Haste would be good and one of the Xanathar's subclasses already gets it.  Faerie Fire would be awesome, but might be OP for a ranged attacker with multiple attacks.
We cant enjoy this Jeremiah storyline if we know that he’s just a waste of space that The Joker, who he should be, will Copy From. I mean what’s the point of Jeremiah?
Fans bitched that he carried the US title over his shoulder like he didn't care about it.  Try again.  If the word Roman is involved there is a segment of the fans who will never, ever, never accept it.
Not rly, if i did id be triggered or something. Instead youre just using objections to JBP that are repeated and fairly obvious to use. It just bad trolling. Like i get trolling, its a true art form, but youre just not good at it
I think that’s the money quote in the article, but sounds like they already had an in with Flynn and were looking to establish a similar line to Bannon
I always had my doubts — chiefly their credo of _anyone can edit_.  You mean even the special ed kid who has limited IQ?  _Yes!_  Uh ... no thanks. No quality control.
Knock out your credit card debt immediately. That's a no brainer. After that, I would tuck about 50k away in a high-yield savings or money market account (capitalone 360 is 1.6% right now). Use the leftover towards your student loans.
The only foreign policy tool he has cut off is explicitly-condoned-at-the-national-level trade. It was a big blow, and it was certainly stupid, but it is not the only foreign policy tool on earth.
None of the robots work, so I got pissed off and took my anger out on my wife and children that I don’t have.
Alright - so I just spent two hours removing the motherboard and have replaced the stock cooler to the Cryorig C7. Still - it's running at 100% on idle (my CPUs around 34°C). Anything you'd recommend to fix this? It used to be completely silent...
mlb the show has been in need of a massive overhaul with it's baserunning and stealing for a long time. til then, we just have to be frustrated and abuse it like everyone else
For Casio users, Planet-Casio does it for you. You just have to send the program to your calculayor with FA-144 when you're done
In any COD that I can remember, flashbangs and stuns have only disabled the mines temporarily or had no effect... Maybe I remember incorrectly though
Yeah the opposite, I LOVE Intelcom for ACTUALLY delivering things to me, every time and not once late. Canada Post on the other hand...
John Kevin Paras Jillian  Sarah Paqs Bros   Paras is an ok winner but I think many people (including myself) believe we were robbed of Kaela becoming the best Canadian winner
The Holocaust, I really don’t know why I was so interested in it growing up. I had a lot of historical fiction about that time period.
Funny thing it is! Lol my other bird is called blue.. blue demon cuz he used to take chuncks off our fingers 😂😂 he's gotten better tough
I actually suspect that there are far more admins than we're led to believe. It jist makes sense to keep interns around monitoring things en masse to prevent scandals before they happen.
As long as you're 21 with ID you can walk into most dispensaries.  Download weedmaps and search for recreational dispensaries, not a lot near Glendale, but there are plenty a short drive from there. There should be a few in Silver Lake.  Welcome to LA and enjoy!
Up against a high level boss in borderlands, within a single shot to kill. He knocks me off the stage, instakilling me
My boyfriend is out of town. He’s a very socially active person, so I’m looking forward to staying home and getting some cleaning done and maybe some hobbies. I can’t remember the last time I’ve hung out at home!
Right? Maybe it’s fresh water in the bags and they’re floating in salt water? Is that s thing? Is that how it works?
The high cycle sounds and looks nice but it’s a tad bit short. Is there any way to get a longer barrel on it?
I want a family. But I also don’t want the pressure of the biological clock freaking me out. It might cause us to make bad decisions. My aunt is 41 and she’s having her 3rd child with her new husband. I think there is still hope for us?
Even a more recent example would be 2017 Jags. Not as good of an o line but man that defense and running game were good.
