There was a game and a system called Bee Star, which was designed by a chess player and computer scientist and he decided that I would search until I found any passivity, any stability in the system.
So, they have to flesh that out, and represent that thing in the form of logic that the KE will understand and the developer will code.
Now you can see that there are two different concepts and there is a relation between them.
What he did, he wrote an artificial intelligence program based on neural networks, and the advantage of that program was that out of those five thousand resumes, only five hundred could be shortlisted, reducing the work of specialists tenfold. Okay.
They take criminals' fingerprints and try to match them with the criminals store in the database.
You assume I bought a ticket, I went inside the stadium, I sit on my seat, I watch the match and watch the toss, then the first innings and the second innings, hopefully I am talking about ODI Am.
One of them is called LOC or location, which tells about where this thing happened.
D is connected to all of them and the distance of two of them is one hundred and fifty.
However, there are some prerequisites to back propagation.
All of them are mentioned by implication when we talk in general way.
And if there's four plys then in the case of twenty it's a four four zero zero zero and in the thirty five case it's seven seven one seven five zero, for five ply you can see it's going beyond.
A farmer is on the left bank, so he cannot be on the right bank, well, where A clearly indicates whether farmer is or not, B clearly shows whether fox is there or not etc.
The interesting thing is that whenever you write the script, for example, you can see that when you actually start writing once to watch a cricket match, there are three different possibilities- this One is Twenty Twenty match or one ODI match or one Test match.
The reason is that if you do it this way, remember with every move that you have to traverse the search tree, and also find out how to apply the static evaluation function to all leaf nodes .
Conversely, can we take milk out of the jug?
An interesting point is that if you look at the size of both functions, if the positively classified, correctly classified values, the output for your friend should be greater than zero and you get zero point one.
This means that even if the fourth ant comes, it is more likely that it will also choose the same route and more and more ants will prefer the same route.
So, just like atrans, there's transfer, but here it's physical, space changes. Actually, 'throw' also includes something called propell, you apply physical force to something.
The algorithm does not describe both placeable move generators as well as static evaluation functions.
But we don't lose important information from our brains, okay.
Actually, it has solved many problems empirically.
That's the power of the heuristic search method.
What we do in the traditional way is you pick a solution state, look at the heuristic value and then try to move to some other solution space where the solution state is better than that
We have seen some problems and how to solve them using state space search.
And interestingly, in most cases the conditions of admission are not specified in the statement, but when these are not specified in the statement, they are assumed to be as we saw in the previous statements.
This single statement actually indicates several things. I went there, I bought a ticket, I took my seat, sat, and watched the movie and maybe I'm happy after that or not happy after that etcetera.
If my signature is to be recognized then I have to try to write the signature twenty, thirty, forty, fifty times and hopefully it will contain all the different forms of the signature that I have done.
So, there are three different concepts working together to represent a given statement.
Here's an example, we start with a random side of the parents, like twenty and then find the fitness values ​​and choose the better five, produce thirty offspring, how do you get, because there are fifteen different pairs, each pair produces two children, then the total number of children will be thirty.
Now I'm going from right to left, so only rule two can apply.
Because the number of types of attacks is almost infinite.
If our king is under attack, obviously we need to investigate a bit more and we've already looked back.
And now wish that jug had only four gallons of milk.
In some other cases people use minus one to one, where any real value between minus one to one is acceptable. In our case minus ten to ten, usually integer values ​​are acceptable, other values ​​are not acceptable.
Quite an interesting thing can be seen from what we are doing on the right bank.
The rips were great but they were quite isolated.
We learned about a problem called the three four gallon water jug ​​problem and the eight five three gallon milk jug problem where we explained how these problems can be represented using state space and so on.
In another one order crossover method we copy some part of the parent to a child and the rest is filled with the other parent, in the order that this thing appears in the parent.
Again this is mental and someone's creation, so when you conceive an idea, it can be used to denote the verb 'conceive' using embuild, 'imagine', 'consider' even 'answer'. Can be done using mbuild, what is `answer'?
So, Arrow is not showing any more dependencies.
Unsupervised Because you don't have any feedback, you do it yourself, okay.
It's actually a Mini Maxima, it's kind of a hill.
Now, you can see that it is possible for us to use fuzzy names.
Before you have a recursive call you must provide your terminating criterion because when you make a recursive call it goes to that it invokes another event and if you haven't specified any terminating criterion before So we'll continue it.
In simple problem first I have only two, three moves and I can always test all those moves to see which one is better
And once we provide all the inputs, all the employees, all the pictures, twenty employees, fifty images of each of them, a total of a thousand images, all of them are inserted; Weights are adjusted.
So this algorithm is shown on the screen. Pick up the start node and make it the current node. So it's simple.
If you look at the table attached to the next picture titled TSP Refinement Search, you will find the distance from each node to every other node and is also represented as a distance matrix.
So, once you do that you get the value and you can see that you get something that is not fi, it has to be fi. If it is not fi, then the first condition is not met.
Therefore, sometimes a pawn normally has ten points, but a special position may have a thousand points.
We have the same options on the Maximizing Layer, but we'll choose the win, well, because we're going to play.
So, here it is important and remember what I told you, implement the static evaluation function for those which are leaf nodes and then it is passed, this happens in the unwinding part of the function.
Chess is quite structured; But there are no other problems.
For example, when I am talking about `bank' and if the context is financial, you know it is a financial institution that lends money, allowing me to open an account and then withdraw and deposit money. gives.
As I said here we have one hidden layer, so you can have multiple hidden layers too.
All these structures are possible but these structures are possible only in this case, so they are discarded.
So you don't need to use min, it is always max.
If you are a poet or someone else the same thing can be shared in hundreds of ways or even more.
And it basically solves the difference between start and goal state and to bridge that gap it tries to generate action or sequence of actions.
We also saw that it is possible to implement a different type of search called SolutionSearch, where each node in this search space represents a solution.
It is impossible in some cases, but it is also possible in some cases.
A relevant stat is one where it moves towards the goal stack.
Look at the X Y where X, four zero sorry zero four and Y, is related to zero three. So, you can write any value between zero to three, any value between zero and four.
So for this, you'll, again, put in another target called free D and for that you'll probably need another action called place on table X, which will move X over D and place it on the table.
So, these are the A's that are given to the system and you can see that the representations are a bit fuzzy in this case, but it is possible for us to understand how it works.
See the three examples shown on the slide, 8-0-0, 3-5-0, 8-0-0. what is the meaning of this? You pour milk from an 8 gallon jug into a 5 gallon jug and then pour it back into the 8 gallon jug.
Embedding something in response to a question is the 'answer' and once it's done, you can answer for it.A also use mtrans from brain to mouth, so it is like this, in fact the 'answer' is represented like this.
So all you can do is in the next cycle you can check them before the others and find out how big it is in the next case and that way you can ignore some of the branches, all right.
The line we discussed, actually we can consider it as part of the equation, it is again very simple, what we are doing is x one w one plus x to x three w three and so on.
The summation should be less than zero, but it is going above zero.
Another method is depth first search, in which we pick a particular branch of the tree and keep checking it continuously, then if the path runs out, we take the next branch and continue the search.
But in this specific statement there is no information about how Rama did this.
But well this is the Maxwell equation.
Those things are also predictable and apart from that if you watch, you can probably guess some other things as well, like Jay doesn't like to stand in long queues.
So, testing should be done from that point of view and that's why it is different from the traditional system and you should also be sure what will happen if the decision turns out to be wrong.
In fact, our solution, you probably noticed that in some places we are just pouring water out of the jug because water is cheap which is not mentioned in the problem.
So if I do that, I just have to get away with labeling. I have to give some value, and when we give that value we call it static evaluation function, which is similar to heuristic function.
Two things, heuristic value and route.
In fact, you try to use multiple functions, and when one function doesn't give any result, you start using other functions.
Whether you want to use it in Hindi or any other language, you know how to render eTrans in another language and that's all you need to do.
And remember that true sense of direction can come only if you have a good heuristic, otherwise it will not happen, here is what I would like to point out.
Now see that the corresponding element is B, so B is copied, you can see that B is copied again, so the child one has A, B, C, D at this time, the next three are: unknown H and unknown.
T is temperature but basically it is not real in case of annealing process, remember, in physical annealing process, empirical values ​​​​and their results and experiments can determine the decrease in temperature, and here also we will determine T.
One language, Plan Distributed Language, was designed to work with, precisely PDDL.
And once we provide all the inputs, all the employees, all the pictures, twenty employees, fifty images of each of them, a total of a thousand images, all of them are inserted; Weights are adjusted.
And in fact, many people in computer science do this right here.
So the default values ​​are, the default value is when you go to a restaurant, you eat, you pay your bill and you're happy, you're not hungry anymore, but in this case, it's that does not follow the path.
But otherwise both these programs will eventually terminate.
And the Knowledge Engineer (KE) here does a thorough investigation and learns everything about the domain as an expert is an expert.
So, whether you are doing it well, if you are not doing it well, whether you have made a plan to deal with the uncertainties – all these are important components to make the system last longer. .
Again this is mental and someone's creation, so when you conceive an idea, it can be used to denote the verb 'conceive' using embuild, 'imagine', 'consider' even 'answer'. Can be done using mbuild, what is `answer'?
And you can see that the Epicurean problem I talked about, now if you have a correct ontology that clearly indicates that the Epicurean is a type of restaurant, it can be very easy to reason about. Ok.
So, this also requires additional experiments.
It states that on the left bank, the number of priests is M one minus the value of some M and the number of cannibals is C three minus the C and R M two more M.
If the farmer is on either side, the sum will always be odd.
The pheromone evaporates at a constant rate and the ants are able to smell the pheromone value and follow the route with the fastest pheromone value. I already told you it depends on two things
If you had taken grain in the beginning, you could have taken the fox now.
In the same way, the output unit is multiplied by all the input width units connected to it, HY WY, HI WIJ, if it is the Jth unit, then. HI JI, H is a JJ, let's say it is J.
We have already seen what is CD and what are the building blocks of CD and so on and now we will do the real test of CD.
I haven't talked about plans and other things here.
For example, when I say I'm throwing a stone, then 'throw', the word actually indicates that the stone is being pietranslated to another location.
In the case of Supervised Learning, what you provide for example, if given an image of an employee of a company, it tells that this man is Ram, and if he is not Ram, he is Shyam, then he is able to tell and should be able to change the weights in such a way that the next time the . If the same picture is provided, then it can be recognized that it is Ram and not Shyam.
As long as it is possible for one to represent anything in the state space and write valid moves, it is possible to obtain the answer
And make sure the solution is found.
Take a set of random sequences as nodes in the state space, solution space.
So, what we're doing is that we're just adding, you just do an interaction with the start state.
And once you've fixed those differences, those differences are added to the stack and you just take the first difference, figuring out what action is appropriate to remove or eliminate the gap. and provide it.
People have done research on this, roughly the more complex the picture the more you need to learn, well.
Second case, can you take a four gallon water jug ​​with three at the beginning?
Well, this kind of search, in which we do not get any help from heuristic, we have no knowledge of domain, we have no idea which trick is better than others, we call it unguided search.
We almost always trace the game tree partially, because in most cases it is impossible to see the whole game tree.,
It becomes easier for a person to derive or deduce meaning from that statement and without proper context, you may get the wrong meaning out of context.
Now, suppose we have a second relationship. If something happens, the changed state is changed.
Now parent one is A, C, B, D, E, F, G and now remember child one, we have already taken fraction from parent two, now rest of the fraction will be taken from parent one, about which We've already talked.
If you want to use machine learning here, all you have to do is collect data from reputable sources like doctor's logs, original medical books and stuff like that and just store them all in a database.
So, mTrans is usually used where such things are happening.
So, if one cell is occupied and the next two are empty then its heuristic value will be higher than what we have, in which one cell is empty and the other two are occupied by the opponent.
And all you have to do is look at all the answers and choose the best schedule among them.
Okay. In this case in PDDL, it consists of three components of Action in its original form, a program called Stripes was designed to implement. I again forgot the full form of STRIPS, but it was a program used to demonstrate the abilities of planning and
It looks at the leftmost node.
And then there is a recipient case relationship, where the information is coming from the eyes and going into the CP, when I am watching the match, this information is going inside my brain so that's what has been done.
Opponent H plays, has two options-minus nine nine and he is guaranteed to get minus nine.
That's why we want to find out how good a specific move is and we'll be more certain going forward.
You can't decide on the basis of this statement but if you read the other statements, if you can connect this statement with the previous statements, you will probably know that there is something that is provocative, that goal. The house is about to burn.
And you can also see that it is a complete network, each input unit is connected to each middle unit and each middle unit or hidden layer unit is connected to every single output unit.
And the reproductive process helps in passing the genes from parent to child.
Now, when something is happening, if you've been checking all possible options, you'll be able to take immediate action if something goes wrong, okay.
First, the ability to hear and smell, and second, the ability to run fast.
This is again a very important factor.
Those things have to be done.
You can see it's done if you put put onA table you get on A table and then place on top BA meets on A, on B and once you do that, you check everything and you will get it.
In the second case, there is a very good move called seven, but the opponent will not play it, the opponent will play minus nine which is almost a defeat for us.
Diagrams are drawn and used by experts.
So really, this isn't a very good example of a two-node beam search but you can assume that these two branches that are being investigated are the two alternatives to speech translation.
We started with A, now we reach A and the cycle is complete. We'll stop this process and copy the rest of the elements as they are because this is an A, so the cycle is fine.
And when a guided search method is already used in the problem domain, the domain becomes small enough that you don't need to worry about the heuristic. You just try to find all possible options and solve the problem.
And what we do in cyclic crossover is we take an element from parent one and a corresponding element from parent two and use that position, copy it and store it in the child, and so on.
Hello friends, welcome to the fourth unit of AI.
Therefore, it is an invalid state.
For example, there are ten moves and you reach the seventh move which is not valid, so you can take and try all combinations of seven eight nine ten four moves.
The square function is very simple.
Therefore, if you reach a state that is not valid or when you reach a move that is not valid simply because it is impossible to use a move from a state to this state.
Twoply search in the same case, B has two children, now how do I have two children?
The physical annealing process allows a metal to cool and reach a stable state, and it has been found that when the metal cools, it results in a severe effect on stability and some irregularity in its activity.
When we look at some of the other problems, we will see that manyThere are complications.
So, we don't need to bother much about the theory.
You can see that all these are assumed when the script is invoked.
Now, B becomes minus three, although there is a node that can very well guarantee that thing, but the opponent is not going to play it for us.
The entry condition for watching a match is obviously that you have the passion to watch the match and you have the money.
What if I cut and paste them, I will have two cities, same city is visible twice in the route, which is not correct and some cities are not even visible, so it is not acceptable.
When the system says there is malaria and out of a hundred cases, if it diagnoses malaria seventy percent of the time, that's a great thing.
Why am I using what seems complicated, because recognizing the signature is not a big task, maybe even a very low intelligence person can do it, it doesn't seem that complicated, it's just too complicated from a programming point of view Otherwise it's not that complicated.
As in the earlier case, we have seen the predicate logic representation where we defined a sibling as a brother X Y in which both X and Y are the same parent.
In this case the jeans are deformed. I have already given examples, some with three eyes and some without hair, etc.
So, the last we have is W one M one. Okay.
We will do so as we find out the best out of it.
Suppose, if my heuristic function says that the heuristic value of eight, zero, zero is minus five, six of zero, two of five, three of five, zero of three and four of three, two, three.
So, once it finds the similarities, there is no need to worry as it is in the start state and it is also in the end state so that you do not need to change them.
If we check like hill climbing, we're actually at a dead end because there are only two children minus one and minus two, both of which have less value, so we won't go any further.
The concept is about using a very small agent with very little information, little processing power, but capable of performing tasks that can't be done by many other methods, these solutions are very simple and parallelizable.
So, once you do that you get the value and you can see that you get something that is not fi, it has to be fi. If it is not fi, then the first condition is not met.
And in this case the search doesn't come to fruition, because eventually I get the value N of all four of my children, which look very similar but they are not in the true sense.
Because if you use hill climbing by taking the value of T as zero, you pick the move that's better, and that's hill climbing, well, if you change that value, you introduce a little bit of randomness.
And the algorithm is quite dynamic, an adaptive algorithm that can learn on its own and choose an optimal path when the statement of the problem changes.
starts with zero, but then it will increase each time. So, when you come back you know where I am, if someone already tells us that you have to come back after enough depth, maybe it's a terminating criterion.
You understand just by looking at it, what is told in it whereas in the third representation it is not easy to understand unless you get the notion of one, two, four, eight.
When it is finished it revisits each segment, the pheromone values ​​are updated, and the process starts again.
We are not talking about that because here in the simplest representation, we haven't talked about fellow spectators, we haven't talked about umpires, we haven't considered a cricket match, we haven't talked about the ball. Haven't talked about boys, etc.
The player starts from one of the stats. Here in this state B, C, D, E and so forth and when we stop, whatever are the values ​​of the leaf node, is calculated using static evaluation function.
The critic, the person who evaluates, is also an expert, but he is different from the previous expert. He simply validates this model.
Simulated hill climbing is one such method. Sorry simulated annealing. Simulated annealing is basically a super set of hill climbing that we saw in the previous unit that allows for some random movements in the other direction.
You can see that you travel from A to B then C, then D, E and you find that the length of the route you want to go from A to E is two hundred and twenty five.
So, that's talked about later in the slide. Delta T plus one Tao T plus one basically equals one to N delta Tao T plus one I, which is a contribution of the Eyeth ant.
If he plays I, I can play P which guarantees me five which is great.
You must be thinking that why do we have to discuss about Unguided Search Methods as we have already studied that most of the AI ​​problems require heuristics and it is not used in Unguided Search Methods.
This is the conception Mahesh is propelling a stone to Jayesh and you can see that there is a direction indicator as well as it is going from somewhere towards Jayesh the object is the stone.
It just shows that they are happening together.
You just guess the path between these two, the length between the two.
Okay, so in this unit we have learned about some other heuristic search methods which are actually used more in today's time.
The pre condition is that A has to be free, i.e. nothing should happen on A and then only you can put it on the table otherwise you can't.
Otherwise we do not allow hill climbing.
So, this is an example of a state representation.
Progress is to move towards goal state, regression is to come back from goal state.
This is an example shown in the slide, Auto Navigator Problem, The moving car is an automatic car.
Now you may ask me why you want to estimate E E, F, G. in this case. You can calculate in the same way as you have done before.
Suppose it finds the source of food, then it follows the same path to come back.
Let me tell you that it is quite possible that if a novice player is playing against Deep Blue and makes a very silly move, Deep Blue will be confused as to what is going on.
So, on average, each neuron is connected to a thousand other neurons; So, it's a huge network and a huge amount of connected networks, right.
If not, why is there no synergy?
The solution space that you now know can begin a journey into the search space using two methods.
So what we are doing is, in a way, generate and test. We will only look at one sequence.
In almost all cases, there's one person who documents all this, who goes to everyone to understand who's doing what, and put it in writing that way.If something needs to be done later, this document can be used as a guide on where and how to solve it.
So once they are available to use we just sort them according to the order in which they appear in the parent one.
And the second principle of GA is that when better elements mate with better organisms, they produce better offspring.
And what comes out of it is the value, no matter how good or bad it is but in the traditional way minus is ten to ten but you can design it in your own way.
Because you know that you have forgotten the way in the forest, you will start walking on a footpath built there, you know that people have walked on it and that's why this trail is made.
Calls itself and applies the static evaluation function there and then picks the best move by intercepting the value in the unwinding part.
There is another one called Adjacency Representation.
Programs to play chess usually have a time limit so it says you have five minutes, in five minutes you have to figure out what you can do.
You should have resource requirement analysis, budget analysis or milestone details of the project and all that happens during this project planning.
What am I doing in this state? I apply only one rule, which is possible to be applied in this.
We also have a lot of other states where there could be a problem, okay.
Welcome guys, we are in the thirty first module of AI, where we are going to talk about something called Scripts.
Usually you start from all the cities and take the first route, then the second route and then the third route and then the fourth route.
You can see Nobita ingest as she is eating rice 'It' is depicted as ingest and the object is rice, double arrow as usual because it is past tense P but it is being used as a means Is.
OK, and here are some heuristics that most chess programs use.
You have eight points if you take a step forward or two steps forward.
Now, every other person is included in it, the team gets bigger and everyone is informed about the system, everyone gets an idea about the system and that makes the sub very clear about their role in the system. become.
When you multiply these and take their square root, four hundred comes out to eighty-six and about twenty-two.
Ok, so for this they adopt the hierarchical generate and test method.
And this information, as I said, is information we provide, it's basically full default information.
Okay. The next statement is basically a terminating criteria.
Or you have to take this medicine, I would say why should you take this medicine, then you should explain all this to me.
If it's a fi it means you've removed something that isn't part of the goal state then that's perfectly fine.
In the case of chess or other sports you have many components and usually each component has some weight.
Remember, prototype tells a user what the final system will look like, giving you an idea, a sketch of sorts, about the system. For example, if you want to buy a house and you get a sketch of it on paper, it's like a prototype.
Since we copy all the elements of parent two corresponding to parent one, then obviously the rest of the elements of parent two are not visible in child one, so we can copy it safely. Ok,
But if you have two thousand cities or five thousand cities or even a hundred cities, it will be impossible because the number of permutations and combinations you have will be too high to actually do this.
Well, for example, when I say, Milkha Singh Pietrans, it's called Single Conceptualization, when we talked about Predicate Logic, we used a Structure and we call that thing a Predicate , here we call it conceptualization.
You will find that almost all agents start following a path and this is clearly the shortest path, just like we have seen.
This method is quite a well-known method, as I mentioned, I have already given you the example of finding the keys.
For example, one thing, the former part of the statement clearly indicates that Mandvi is not my hometown, I have gone to visit that place.
For example, if we take an elaborate script, which we have not done. We have talked about a very simple script, but let's say there is an elaborate, cricket match watching script and we are talking about that script.
Beam search refers to the detection of multiple paths at the same time.
I'll tell you in a little while what I mean by saying, okay. You can do this, for example, in chess you would just pick the first five nodes, right, and choose the best one at the end.
For example, after three years of service, you'll likely give each employee an overseas trip with a spouse or, if they have two children, you'll pay school fees for those two children plus other costs. Will bear, etc., etc.
He likes to play with my car keys.
When it goes to search for a food source, it keeps on spraying pheromones along the way.
And remember we start with the last and finally because it's a stack you pick the top one so it's the first action to apply, apply this action to the start state, change the state.
Therefore, when we are talking about real systems, more than one correct answer is possible in real time. It is also possible that one expert says malaria, another says typhoid and the patient actually has both.
It has some small set of system calls that are sixty three and any command that you type is converted into some form or the other, some combination of system calls to actually get the job done.
You might be surprised at the terms average and value six decimal two, value six decimal two clearly indicating that the value is greater than the average, it is like a fuzzy logic system and this is true.
So that you avoid the local minima, let us understand two important rules of simulated annealing.
The route is stored in reverse order.
Well, now you must be realizing the problems that AI researchers have been facing for years.
You can only change weights.
The system acts like a black box.
Now it's basically a move to that state with probability P, because if you use a good heuristic function, a good random number generator between zero and one, both have the same probability, every number The probability is equal.
I am pouring 3 gallons of milk from an 8 gallon water jug ​​into a 3 gallon water jug ​​and 3,2,3 ie pouring 3 gallons of milk from a 5 gallon jug into a 3 gallon jug.
So, this is the first problem that we haven't really talked about yet.
Like if I want to convert this 'attack' to primitive, I have to make it more complicated again, which I don't want to do.
Not only this, whatever pre-conditionsexist, they will also be there.
So, Expert and CPM will tell you about this type of chart, will tell you that if one task gets delayed, will the next task also be delayed if the first task should be finished for the second task.
Knowledge Engineers learn the basics about the domain, also learn how an expert processes knowledge, how to store that knowledge, what's good and bad about the system, what things can raise concerns Where to focus more?
Formalization is a very important phase, which is basically a design phase.
So this third arrow points to the object that is moved from one location to another.
Not only that, it is also possible to imitate how the opponent plays and the machine that Garry Kasparov played with was specially designed to play with him.
If you want us to wait 5 minutes and search again to find the results, you can do that too.
So, if you do this, you'll probably start with the first and then the second, that is, you'll put D on the table first.
Chess is very structured as compared to others but difficult to appear but comparatively more structured, so people have solved this problem but there are many other problems which are not possible to solve, for example of an essay rating.
So, what we have to do is we have to change the value of w wherever xi is not zero. We need to reduce that value because we want to reduce the amount of the summation.
So, here you don't need to store separate knowledge for patient, doctor and all of them.
So, all users can have this feature, which can be quite useful too.
And of course, once the plan is made, it is confirmed and that will be the last thing we learn in this module.
In this case, you can see on the slide that we have taken the output unit as six and the input unit as eighty one.
If you want to use machine learning here, all you have to do is collect data from reputable sources like doctor's logs, original medical books and stuff like that and just store them all in a database.
What we can do in our small cases is to just analyze the states and choose the states which are comparatively easy.
This part is okay, this part is something we've already seen, but then there's an extra thing 'To L.A.'.
Therefore, when we are talking about real systems, more than one correct answer is possible in real time. It is also possible that one expert says malaria, another says typhoid and the patient actually has both.
So, how do we have to do this so that the first component is called the component for a static evaluation function, which works like this.
Now such, if then, is possible by C and we will see examples of all of them also, C indicates that the relation is conditional, if it happens then it will be so, if , then kind of relationship.
The entry terms that I talked about, the location, the people involved, the objects involved, the consequences and everything else that has been explicitly mentioned so far that was not mentioned in the original statement.
You can see that in the opening moves, in the first four moves, we're not actually playing the pastor.
Remember, in calculations we need every sigma we have observed. X one W one X to W to X three W three and so on.
With the passage of time experts usually forget how they arrived at a specific decision which they have been following for years.
Because if you have a formula that leads directly to the solution, it's not an AI problem.
In fact, it is good because it is as favored as BFS.
Now the next example, I'll show you that there are three different ways to formulate the same problem.
Heuristic function is based on domain knowledge, heuristic function tells you how good or bad a particular state actually is.
What special consequences, particular situations, can occur, for example whether a system is in danger, whether an attack is suspected or not. A set of events are responsible for influencing these decisions.
But it doesn't matter to us because we want to differentiate between these types of errors and other eras as long as we are able to distinguish different types of errors, we should not have any problems.
If the search path is going beyond that minimum value, it stops there itself and we looked at refinement search, which operates on a solution space and is exactly the same as branch and bound.
So you can choose your own set if you want, it's perfect.
In fact, it is possible that only one rule may apply in many, many cases.
The neural network should not only recognize my signature, not only the image that is in the database, but also be able to recognize some other images of the same person. This is called normalization.
In fact this is a serious problem in IT.
Obviously, we want to find the correct values ​​of the N inputs that can correctly identify each of the inputs.
We start with some conceptual roles.
It is quite possible that you will receive less value than all the children of the parent and you may not be able to move on. This is the steepest ascent, which is a local maxima problem.
So this Recipient Case Relationship is equally important.
Although it sounds useless when you listen for the first time, but it takes frequent tree checks and also consumes less memory. If we use heuristic with this then it is possible to choose better move in next cycle.
It is decided by the experts and please understand that it is not based on anything else but the intuition and judgment of the experts.
If I have nothing left in all the worlds, I have made some grave mistake.
Please understand, any recursive algorithm has three steps that you take.
Not only this, the formalization also talks about checkpoints and deadlines and it gives you a timeline. Like this part should be done in the first two months, it should be done in the next two months and so on.
Yesterday' actually talks about the timing of the complete conceptualization.
Consider for example the cost of the tour, in this case ABCD up to two hundred and twenty plus two hundred and fifty plus one hundred and fifty, which is a total of six hundred and twenty.
If you have that domain knowledge, you can tell there which move is better than the other moves, this is called a heuristic.
People use Stripes for many cases including the Blox world because the Blox world is quite an interesting domain where planning can be very useful.
And there is only one boat available, which can get only two people across the river at a time.
So, this is an example of a point resulting from a position.
This is called depth first search.
So we start with an initial state, using the moves we have to move up in the state space.
You are already aware of the development process of Expert Systems, the first two stages in the previous module.
Therefore, I will not talk about it in detail. But the idea is to improve the system over time by taking inputs from users and experts, providing improvements to the knowledge base and sometimes to the primary experts.
So a total of three hundred and sixty different tours are possible between these seven cities.
Because if you use hill climbing by taking the value of T as zero, you pick the move that's better, and that's hill climbing, well, if you change that value, you introduce a little bit of randomness.
Because remember, in goal state planning we learned that it's also possible when you add a new task, you're testing for malaria, you end up doing something that fails the typhoid test that you do first.
But it doesn't matter to us because we want to differentiate between these types of errors and other eras as long as we are able to distinguish different types of errors, we should not have any problems.
Generate all the children of the parent node. And of course, once it's done, it starts with the leftmost child and then works on all its children, so on.
Or from this solution state you generate other solution states and find out which one is better and then there you go, you have many neighbors so many solutions are possible.
It is designed in that fashion and works in complete synchronization, there is never any issue of synchronization among neurons, no matter how fast these processors are and their number can be much larger than neurons.
The start stat has four components. The goal stat also has four components but then two of them C, D above the table and D above the table are already received in the final stat.
So the starting passage of the first string is pasted with the previous passage of the second string, the initial passage of the second string is pasted along the previous passage of the first string.
Because these alternate plys are named as min and max and we have discussed earlier why they say so.
So, to get the current state the action is applied to the previous state and we are finding out the relevance of that action.
Like when we first went to a restaurant, we probably didn't know much.
So far we have looked at the minimax algorithm, structure nodeinfo, the recursive version of the algorithm, three different components of the recursive algorithm and also how minimax actually works all this, until the minimax algorithm reaches the leaf node How to do this continuously recursively.
Okay. ok and i already talked about sparse neighborhood and dense neighborhood one more thing is variable neighbourhood.
This is the only slide that includes those names, they're not all that important to us right now, but if you try to delve deeper into GA later, you'll probably need to learn more about them. Ok .
And he realized that even experts make mistakes.
It is not that simple, but the example of playing chess is comparatively simple.
But if you run it again, it will start from some other point, then it will probably reach from some other point on the same plane.
People use many other names for this and a very good domain, called crowdsourcing, works pretty much the same.
So the default values ​​are, the default value is when you go to a restaurant, you eat, you pay your bill and you're happy, you're not hungry anymore, but in this case, it's that does not follow the path.
But look at that 'slash'.
When I say ` I went to watch a movie'.
It is designed in that fashion and works in complete synchronization, there is never any issue of synchronization among neurons, no matter how fast these processors are and their number can be much larger than neurons.
Since we copy all the elements of parent two corresponding to parent one, then obviously the rest of the elements of parent two are not visible in child one, so we can copy it safely. Ok,
