however , it cannot refer the matter to a larger bench .
14- A perusal of the same does not show that the earlier writ petitions have been referred to which have been dismissed .
the real effect and effect of the law on the rights guaranteed under Part III is to be taken into account in holding that it destroys the basic structure or not .
under such circumstances , aforesaid orders have been passed by the co- come-
such appointments will be made strictly according to the plan governing such appointments and against the existing vacancies .
accordingly , she had proceeded with the investigation and in course thereof , she had taken the statement of the informator and had given a detailed inspection of the place of occurrence .
the State is obliged to enforce the human rights of a citizen including its own office bearers , providing for an appropriate and impartial investigation against any person accused of the commission of a cognizable offence .
he also stated that in his presence at the police station , the seizure list was not prepared .
he submitted that the alleged complaint is only informative and has been instituted with para-i-motive .
bending to instinct will lead to a tendency to ignore the harsh logic of law .
further , the second incident of 29th February , 2017 has also been delayed to 02 . 03 . 2012 for which no explanation has been given in the complaint .
para 102 of the judgment contained in the instances is reproduced below : * 102 .
the question relating thereto requires inquiry and adjudication , that the respondent no . sattwa rights were injusticiable .
PW-1 is completely silent at this point , whether the seized prohibited articles were kept in the Malkhana or were handed over to PW-2 , Investigating Officer .
the Block Development Officer of Kadipur had instituted an FIR ( for short ‘ FIR ’ ) wherein the complainant was made an accused .
these judgments clearly disregard the Constitution Bench judgment of this Court in Sibbia &apos;s case ( 1980 ) 2 SCC 565 , which has exhaustively dealt with all aspects of anticipatory bail enumerated under Section 438 CrPC .
being a statutory provision , it cannot have any relaxation .
18- In the result , this first appeal is dismissed .
in para 7 , he had stated that both the packets of opium were put into one bag .
it is not to be granted where , in fact , before it is altered , the claim of the petitioner has to be first proved and adjudicated upon .
in fact , only 45 logs of the year were found on the vehicle .
also , the second incident of 29th February , 2012 was delayed to 02 / 03 / 2012 for which no explanation has been given in the complaint .
the Court held as follows : — In recent times , this Court is facing several cases which have been referred to by judicial authorities for appointment on compassionate ground .
the victim , after she had left her matrimonial home some years back , was living in the house of her parents .
this Will is not proved in accordance with law , nor is it attested in accordance with law .
however , on account of the view taken in LPA No. 163 of 2006 , we find that the order of the Division Bench is not warranted .
in the said circumstances , I am not inclined to interfere in the matter .
it does not ascertain or adjust the mutual claims or rights between the parties .
in the manner of extra - ordinary legal remedies , it has been stated that the office of mandamus is &apos; to execute , not to , adjudicate &apos; .
hence , the findings of the trial court are affirmed at this point .
10- We find that such tests are not cogent and are against judicial propriety which require bind down the past judgment to a Bench of coequal powers .
at the time of marriage , the petitioner was given gift both in cash and in kind .
( 1 ) The fundamental rights enumerated in Part II of the Constitution are inherent and cannot be extinguished by any constitutional or statutory provision .
nothing is mentioned in the impugned order to lead to such an inference or conclusion .
in the aforesaid paragraphs of the judgment nothing is stated about the result of non production of prohibited articles before the court in prosecution under the NDPS Act .
in the course of cross examination in paragraph 4 he had stated that the packet was already sealed .
in para 6 , he had stated that when he reached the place of occurrence , the woman was lying unconscious in an injured condition .
they were also given blood on the branch of a palm tree near the dead body .
he was prohibited from lodging any complaint with respect to the alleged section .
on 04.03.2012 the aforesaid complaint was instituted by opposite party No. 2 Dinesh Ram .
the matter has been instituted on 16.03.2010 and it would be ante-timed to say that the police are not taking any action in a fair and proper manner .
the truthfulness and credit of the allegation is the subject matter of investigation and trial .
hence , there is no merit in this criminal writ application .
4- Learned counsel for the petitioner on two grounds has rendered the impugned order as bad .
they had also found some grass cutting instruments around the place of incident .
the High Court as well as the Administrative Tribunals cannot grant benefits , actuated by sympathetic consideration .
in such an adverse situation , no one allows Bidhan Das to take Makhan along with him .
she received the salary for the month of August , 2015 .
there was a large amount of blood on the ground .
it was held thus : 18 . principles relating to appointments to compassion can be so formulated :
the High Court had also failed to understand that the discretion of the appointing authority under the scheme of compassionate appointment was to be exercised having regard to the scheme and the purpose / propriety behind it .
after the investigation , the police filed the charge sheet only on 06.07.2012 against the husband of the victim , under Section 364 IPC .
further , the prosecution also lacks the sampling method , by taking it to the fact that it was prepared on the spot or was prepared elsewhere .
it follows , therefore , that mandamus would not be granted where the right is in doubt . ”
a writ of mandamus would not , therefore , be maintainable where any fact of unauthorized possession is required to be examined and adjudicated .
the petitioner had booked the paddy on the said vehicle for Purnea .
they were haunted by saying that they were low - caste and Harijan .
hence , the respondent No. 4 has to prove his claim of being near the proximate to the transferred land to West of the transferred land , the Survey Plot No. 6070 is a land .
in the complaint , the complainant has stated that during the period between 2001 to 2006 when he was posted as Panchayat Secretary in Kadipur Division , the petitioner was the Head of the said Prdivision .
the said Article in its broad application takes within its ambit not only the rights of an accused but also the rights of the victim .
according to the first information report , six years before the police case was registered , the marriage of Karuna Kumari alias Pinki was married to accused Pramod Kumar @ Goddadu .
11- Under section 4 of the Act , there is another prohibition related to the right to recover the property which is benami held .
in these circumstances , a delay notice was given to the Chief Judicial Magistrate , Kishanganj .
thereafter , after prima facie case was made out against the petitioner , an order of summoning was passed by the learned Magistrate on 21.07.2012 , which is under challenge in the instant application .
the reason for taking such signatures in the complaint itself has not been alleged elsewhere .
first , the legislative right has to be proved and thereafter , the question of enforcement arises .
( vi ) List of the Seventh Schedule on one side , if any ,
( b ) where the offence is partly committed in one local area and partly in another , or
4- In Reeta Mishra &amp; Ors. vs. Director , Elementary Education , Bihar and Ors . , 1987 PLJR 1090 , a Full Bench of this Court has discussed as to when a writ of mandamus would lie .
at his instance the author prepared a will in the village .
9- There is no need for a civilised society to highlight the importance of child welfare .
Versus State of Bihar &amp; Ors . Cri.J.No. 692 of 2015 . decided on 23rd February , 2017 .
we are broadly and generally concur with the submissions advanced by the learned counsel for the appellant .
a copy of the complaint letter and document was filed by the complainant .
accordingly , the same is hereby quashed and the criminal writ application is allowed .
therefore , the important question that arises for our consideration is whether the prohibition designed under Sections 3 and 4 of the Act , 1988 will apply in the present case by retrospective operation .
such being the position , the judgment of conviction and sentence is set aside .
the reason for taking such signatures in the complaint itself has not been alleged elsewhere .
in terms of Section 55 of the NDPS Act , the officerin charge is to take possession of the prohibited articles and shall keep them in safe custody pending orders of the Magistrate regarding sampling / destruction thereof .
in the absence of a policy for compassionate appointment , there is no inherent right to seek compassionate appointment in the family members of the deceased .
the petitioner no . 1 Jay Singh was the actual buyer , whereas the apparent purchaser petitioner no . 2 was his domestic servant .
he submitted that prima facie case is made out against the petitioner , hence , the learned Magistrate has rightly summoned him to face trial .
the factum of seizure of 9.4.2013 has not been disputed .
Versus State of Bihar Criminal Appeal ( J ) no . 97 of 2015 . decided on 14th February , 2017 .
18- Accordingly , the impugned order dated 21.07.2012 passed by the learned Judicial Magistrate first Class , Chapra in Gian No. 283 of 2012 is quashed .
19 . now , we would like to consider the merits of the present case .
the Central Administrative Tribunal vide order dated 6th January , 2011 passed in OA No.239 of 2010 allowed the application of Deepak Kumar Rai for appointment on compassionate grounds .
however , neither any defence witness has been examined nor any paper has been exhibited on behalf of the defence .
in para 5 , he had stated that the seizure list was prepared at the place of occurrence .
this complaint was with the allegation against the informator and others of this case that they have killed the victim while she was in the house of her parents .
the writ application is disposed of with the aforesaid observations and directions .
consequently , it would be an abuse of the process of the criminal prosecution court .
one reason has to be a query and an opportunity to be given followed by an order .
the FIR need not be an encyclopedia of all the relevant facts .
if a Bench of coequal jurisdiction is unable to convince itself of any decision cited before it , it can certainly give its decision .
no doubt Shakespeare said in the Merchant of Venice : &apos; not the quality of mercy is impeded ; it goes down from heaven as a gentle rain .
there was no litigation between the prosecution as well as the appellant .
the efforts made to contact the complainant with regard to the allegation had also failed and when they tried to contact him on the phone .
5- In view of the test laid down in the case of Reeta Mishra , a writ of mandamus is issued to order and execute , and not for enquiry and adjudication .
under the said Act , the competent authority has the power to investigate and decide and to order the eviction .
( ii ) Ramjan Choudhary , for the petitioners , was a benamidar of the respondent no . 6 , who was in the southern boundary of the plot sold . &quot;
the Supreme Court observed that the power of judicial review can be used to protect fundamental rights and cannot be commuted by invoking the doctrine of separation of power .
in fact , such powers are indispensable for providing a viable content to the objectives of the Constitution embodied in Part III and other parts of the Constitution .
the law on the ambit of mandamus in Cordus Zoris : “ … . a writ commanding an action that specifically makes law compulsory as a liability arising from a post , trust or place .
16- The appellant is in custody , if not required in any other case , he shall be released forthwith .
she is unable to say as to whether a copy of the seizure list was handed over to the concerned woman .
17- In this view of the matter , it would be an abuse of process of the court to permit the prosecution to continue .
15- Another principle which flows out of presumption against retrospectivity is that nobody is required to destroy the rights conferred by the statute by those occurrences which occurred prior to its passing .
9- As stated above , none had appeared on behalf of the respondent .
the petitioners had made out a case of benami transactions .
PW-6 is a Railway Gitman who has not deposed on the fact of recovery and as such his evidence is found to be in vain at the point of recovery .
hence , the question of benami transaction of benami can be lawfully carried out in the presence of only an ostensible owner .
the inherent powers of criminal jurisdiction are meant to prevent the proceedings from being converted into a weapon .
as will be evident from the above reasons , independent and added , I agree with this view .
no witness has appeared before the learned Magistrate or before any other authority to prove the suspicion of the petitioners that this is a case of dowry death .
7- Now the matter is pending on the evidence of PWs 1 , 2 and 3 .
the author has also refuted the case of the plaintiff-appellant .
paras 68 and 70 of the judgment are reproduced below : “ 68 . thus , by examining the rival arguments in the context of the constitutional scheme , we give the following conclusions .
8- Thereafter , revealing the analogous grievance before this Court , the petitioner had filed C.D.G.C. number 1053 of 2012 .
( b ) the two well-accepted contingencies which are separated as an exception to the general rule are :
6- Having now come to the position of the witnesses , it is apparent that PWs 4 and 5 have not supported the factum of recovery upon which they were declared hostile .
a writ of mandamus can truly be claimed in the event any constitutional obligation is cleared and specified .
5- The facts of the case of the twin Kishore are required to be noted in brief .
the complainant further stated that he had informed the matter to the District Magistrate and Deputy Development Commissioner , Etah on 7.1.2012 .
case laws . - ( 2013 ) 14 SCC 527 - Relied .
the investigating agency is investigating the matter ( as per the supplementary counter affidavit of the petitioners ) .
the matter was for consideration before the Constitution Bench for directing the CBI to investigate the said case .
his share in the plot of land mentioned in the said plot is adjoining to the disputed plot .
in the instant case , the judgments mentioned in paras 124 and 125 are rendered by two or three Judges of this Court .
another contingency , though less recognized , happens where land holders lose all their land for any public purpose and provides compassionate appointment to family members of persons affected by the project .
( 4 ) Where , the allegations in the FIR do not constitute a cognizable offence .
26- From the authoritative proposition of law , it is clear that for any writ of mandamus any statutory or public liability must exist which a devolution on the person or body against whom the writ is directed .
accordingly , the issue referred to us by the Division Bench of this Court is answered .
he was transferred to Primary Health Centre , Katra vide order of Civil Surgeon dated 06.06.2009 .
the facts giving rise to these writ petitions are largely identical .
consequently , the decisions in paragraphs 124 and 125 of this judgment have been given with caution .
13 . this Court is conscious of the fact that in a criminal case , the defence of an accused at the stage of trial is not to be considered .
the respondent No. 4 claimed to be a ryot of the area adjacent to the transferred land .
the very plenitude of the powers under the said articles requires great caution in its exercise .
18- Now , we are of the opinion that the Benami Transactions ( Prohibition ) Act , 1988 is prospective and not retrospective .
he also stated that the seizure list was prepared at the place of occurrence and also displayed the seizure list and the written report .
19 . why no information of the case was given to the Chief Judicial Magistrate before 19.04.2013-
following findings were disposed of by way of Annexure-9 to the aforesaid writ application on 27.01.2011 :
14- Section 482 Cr.P.C. empowers this Court to exercise its inherent powers to prevent abuse of process of the Court .
it is not necessary that the FIR should contain one word and the entire information .
9- On the other hand , learned counsel for the State submitted that the disputed fact cannot be taken into consideration for the purpose of quashing a criminal case .
after that , the injured was shifted to the hospital .
unless both these conditions are satisfied , the very existence of the ground required for the issue of a writ of mandamus can hardly be said to be in existence .
10 . there have been consistent judicial decisions that on account of the fixation of stringent punishment under the NDPS Act , the prosecution is obliged to comply with every procedure as prescribed under the Act .
23- We , therefore , do not find any valid reason to interfere with the impugned orders .
the attempts made to contact the complainant with regard to the allegation had also failed , that and when they tried to contact him on the phone , his mobile phone was found to be closed .
the learned court below did not consider the case of the petitioners on the ground that the plea of benami transactions cannot be considered under the proceeding for impressing .
the appellant who is in custody remains similarly so as to serve the remaining period of sentence .
10- There is no dispute with the facts of the case .
paras 6 to 10 of the judgment are relevant for this purpose .
thereafter , he informed the higher police officials and lodged the complaint case .
she executed a Will in a healthy physical and mental condition .
ahavanuddin Ainullah , J. — Heard learned counsel for the petitioner and the State .
advocate , Mr . informant , send or PRecherages , Chapter Generals , Mar . Karaarigar and learned counsel for the State .
Hon &apos;ble Aditya Kumar Trivedi , J. Hon &apos;ble Kusum Devi alias Suman Devi
justice , according to law , is an old principle like the hills .
9- I have heard learned counsel for the parties and perused the record .
the Court can issue such a direction if not only the accused , but also the victim and the witnesses so make a substantive justice required to protect the fundamental right .
matter : appointment on compassionate grounds - cases of other widow and her concomitant .
it is true that merely on the last seen theory , no conviction can be supported .
accordingly , the said child Shamu Kumari has been kept in the care of the petitioner .
the only difference is that of the stage at which the said powers can be invoked .
he had sent the seized articles for chemical examination and for that , he had filed petition ( exhibited ) before the learned Sessions Judge .
this PW-6 has clearly stated that at the time of registration , he was not present in Jagdishpur .
Hon &apos;ble Ashwani Kumar Singh , J. in Tribhuwan Kumar Mishra vs. State of Bihar &amp; Anr . Dig.29251 of 2013 . decided on 4th April , 2017 .
2- These two writ petitions are on facts and are closely related in the matter of dispute , thus both the writ petitions are laid before the Full Bench under reference for parodox hearing .
he also stated that he had seen the appellant and others fleeing from the place of occurrence .
however , the husband had prepared the victim to accompany him to her matrimonial home and immediately thereafter the victim was informed of disappearance by the accused Pramod Kumar .
besides , there were a frash , a finite , ticket , photographs , small piece of paper , petticoat , blouse , etc . which were seized by Birendra Kumar Paswan and a seizure list was prepared .
Hon ’ ble Hence CHANDRA GUPTA , Acting Chief Justice , Anjana Mishra and Sudhir Singh , JJ .
7- It was admittedly required by the petitioner to have completed 18 years of age on 01.01.2006 and the employment being carried out on 30.11.2006 , he was required to complete 18 years of age on 01.01.2006 .
learned counsel for the petitioner submits that the petitioner has filed an application in this regard before the Deputy Inspector General of Police , Patna .
in certain circumstances , a witness to an offence may also seek protection by the State and shall be provided to him .
any law that abrogates or complies with such rights would be violative of the principle of basic structure .
13- This Court is conscious of the fact that in a criminal case , the defence of an accused at the stage of trial is not to be considered .
6- It is submitted by learned counsel for the petitioner that the entire allegations made in the complaint are false and concocted .
the question of law is answered in the said manner .
2- The fact that the second marriage is not permissible is fully explained in the terms and conditions suggested in the motion for preliminary appointment .
4- As is apparent from the manner of cross-examination and also the statement recorded under Section 313 Cr.P.C. , the case of the defence is a total denial .
Hon ’ ble egoistic Amanullah , J. vs. State of Bihar &amp; Ors . , reported in CWJJC No. 18297 of 2016 . decided on 17th March , 2017 .
it also comes to our notice that in the present proceeding , despite valid notice to respondent No.6 , he did not record his presence even then .
8- However , this Court may be considered as Principal Additional Advocate General —
the order whereby a prima facie case under Section 323 , 341 , 342 and 384 of IPC has been made out , has been summoned to face the trial of the petitioner .
Benami Transactions Prohibition of prohibition computed under Section 3 of the Act
Hon &apos;ble Virendra Kumar , J. Hon &apos;ble Shobha Kumari and another vs. State of Bihar and others J.J. C. No. 493 of 2015 . decided on 14th February , 2017 .
24 . accordingly , both the writ petitions are dismissed .
such a presumption can be revoked only by clear and cogent evidence available on record .
V ) Article 21 of the Constitution in its broad perspective seeks to preserve the lives and individual freedoms of persons except in accordance with the procedure established by law .
consequently , the enquiry case no . 283 of 2012 and its entire proceedings are quashed arising out of the complaint case no . 613 of 2012 .
the petitioner had called him in respect of the said case and had obtained his signatures forcibly on various papers such as coupon , stock register etc. pertaining to the public distribution shop of one Bhola Sah .
thereafter , the victim was taken to hospital where the injury report was prepared by her .
in our opinion , the use of such power by the constitutional courts would not violate the doctrine of separation of powers .
accordingly , the matter is dismissed as withdrawn case . &quot;
if the right is in doubt , it must be preceded in some other form of action ; there would be no mandamus to either establish and alter a claim on an indefinite basis .
in the case on hand , since the petitioner was only 172 years , his employment has been declared illegal and accordingly his appointment was terminated .
Section 156 falling under Chapter XII relates to the power of police officials to investigate cognizable offences .
it cannot be argued that the allegations are absurd and inherently improbable .
the extra-judicial confessional statement of the accused / appellant was recorded .
( d ) Where , the allegations in the FIR do not constitute a cognizable offence .
8- The bare perusal of FIR does not prima facie constitute the offences alleged against the petitioner .
the list of the prosecution witnesses was also mentioned in the protest petition .
in this view of the matter , this Court is not inclined to interfere in the matter .
learned counsel for the petitioner submits that the respondents are not proceeding for investigation in the matter in a fair and proper manner because despite the statements of the witnesses , the accused persons are not arrested .
there is also a allegation against Nikhil that he still sends a sexually stained message to the informant .
equally , no such provision can be directed , which would vest in the petitioners a established enforceable right , to the relief which they seek to claim . &quot;
as noticed above , there are other circumstances other than last seen in the present case .
13 . section 3 ( 13 ) of the General Clauses Act , 1897 states that &apos; commencement &apos; used in the context of an Act means the day on which the Act comes into force .
11- We disagree with the view expressed in paragraph 9 of the order in the case of Mst . Uma Devi and hold that the said conclusion would not be a binding example .
5- despite service of notice , none had appeared on behalf of opposition no.2 .
consequently , the review application filed by the railways is allowed and the order passed in the writ application is set aside .
5- After the complaint was instituted , the complainant was examined on oath and , in course of the inquiry conducted under Section 202 CrPC , three other witnesses were examined apart from him .
there is also no reliable evidence that after the second incident , the complainant had ever gone to the police .
( C ) Compassion on compassionate appointment cannot be claimed or granted unless the Rules governing the service do not permit such appointments .
the aforesaid fact would disclose from this counter affidavit filed by the CBI that several other important matters for investigation have already been assigned to the CBI .
18- We have heard the learned counsels for the parties .
the complainant himself admits that in pursuance of an FIR instituted by the Block Development Officer , Kadipur , he was made an accused and he himself came to the house of the petitioner .
6- A sufficient effective summary procedure for eviction of illegal occupants is established under the Bihar Public Land Acquisition Act , 1956 .
it was submitted that as a matter of right compassionate appointment cannot be claimed .
it is equally established that there is a corresponding right in the petitioners with it necessarily entitled to claim enforcement of the said statutory public liability .
though no other mode of appointment is permissible , appointments made separately in the interest of justice to deal with certain contingencies are a settled exception to the said general rule .
8- Learned counsel also submitted that the husband of the appellant was also examined .
under these circumstances , the informant had suspected that his daughter has been murdered for dowry .
the respondent No.4 had argued that the land transferred is his land adjacent to the north , east and west side of the land .
5- Though the respondent No.6 was legally served with a notice , none is present on his behalf .
10- Under Section 3 of the Act , benami transactions have been prohibited , but such an prohibition is prospective operation .
( I ) Appointment on compassionate grounds to meet sudden crisis in the family arising out of death in the service of the bread winner .
a bag had come out of it , while another was inside it .
the petitioners could have filed affidavits of the witnesses before the higher authorities if the Investigating Officer was deliberately not recording their statements , which has not been done in the present case .
2- The petitioner is a bona fide voter of W.No.68 of the Patna Municipal Corporation .
after the marriage , the in-laws had started torturing Preti Kumari because of not meeting her demand on the dowry at the most .
judicial review acts as a final arbiter not only to give effect to the division of legislative powers between Parliament and State legislatures , it is also necessary to show any violation by each unit .
it is apparent that the claim of the petitioners earlier has to be seen , adjudicated and restored .
the learned Single Bench had allowed the writ application because his application cannot be rejected merely on the ground that he is the son born to the second wife of the deceased .
( a ) Compassion on compassionate appointment solely on inheritance is impermissible .
the territorial jurisdiction of the court is also prescribed in Regulation 12 ( 1 ) .
rather , only constitute a non-cognizable offence , an investigation is admissible without any order of a Magistrate as contemplated under Section 155 ( 2 ) of the Code ;
similarly , even with regard to the occurrence of the prohibited articles , PW2 is silent and even to the extent as to how she had received the same .
we would , therefore , wish to lay down the law in this regard .
9- On the other hand , learned counsel for the State submitted that the disputed fact cannot be taken into consideration for the purpose of quashing a criminal case .
it is true that Ex . 6 , FSL report reveals that the seized articles are Charas , but from perusal thereof , it is apparent that the seized articles were transmitted to him on 15.07.2011 .
learned counsel submits that the Chief accused of the case , namely , the husband of the deceased was arrested but within 60 hours , he was released .
23- Accordingly , this application is allowed in the above terms .
as the court will have jurisdiction over the place where the particular adoption agency is located .
the respondent No. 4 filed a tenancy appeal before the Additional Collector , Smastipur assailing the common order dated 29.07.1988 passed by LRDC , Dalseisarai .
obviously , this is not the scope of any writ of mandamus .
mere operation of a constitutional right that a writ of mandamus would be maintainable is not to establish any constitutional right .
the above mentioned pieces are located at Chanderore village , ugipur , Smastipur .
the wife of the appellant , Sabnam Devi , is a aunt of the deceased Makhan Kumar .
subsequently , offences under Sections 166 and 166A of the Indian Penal Code were added .
( d ) The compassionate appointments are permissible only in the case of a dependent member of the employee concerned i.e. , spouse , son or daughter and not in the case of other relatives .
8- However , since none is present on behalf of the petitioners , the writ petition is dismissed on account of non-prosecution .
the appellant Budhi Devi has also purchased some lands from the habitual defaulter .
such investigation is also to end with the report contemplated in Section 173 of the Code .
Section 420 IPC prescribes punishment for the offence of cheating as defined under Section 415 IPC .
17 . in this view of the matter , allowing prosecution to continue would be an abuse of process of the court .
in particular , where under the law to be acquired , the law by way of compensation does not provide for market value and solatium . &quot;
consequently , the complaint case number C-1 - 338 years 2012 are also dismissed .
the application of mind by a Magistrate should be reflected in the order .
he submitted that prima facie case is made out against the petitioner , hence , the learned Magistrate has rightly summoned him to face trial .
however , no entry of the Station Diary has been produced by the prosecution .
the contention of the petitioner is that it is a fit case which requires re-investigation by the CBI .
rather , only constitute a non-cognizable offence , an investigation is admissible without any order of a Magistrate as contemplated under Section 155 ( 2 ) of the Code .
such appointments will be made strictly according to the plan governing such appointments and against the existing vacancies .
2- In spite of legal served of the notice , opposite party No. 2 has decided to appear and contest the matter .
thereafter , the injured lady was referred to hospital for treatment which was unconscious .
advocate : - Heard learned counsel for the petitioner and learned Government Advocate for the State .
the petitioners also filed a cross appeal against the said order .
office Superintendent of Police please forward the inspection Bureau to Patna .
he immediately went to the place where dead body of his daughter was lying .
he suspected that his daughter was killed by the accused-petitioner by giving poison to her .
applying both tests to the present context , I am of the opinion that none of the two ends meet .
however , the situation in the instant case is different .
on the call , the complainant appeared along with his advocate .
from 4 to 8 out of public land in isolation of the declared grounds , whether there are unauthorised occupants of any public land or not .
9- The other punishment was for staying the salary for the period of suspension .
now the police has arrived at the conclusion that this is a case of misunderstand the fact and the victim may appear in the future .
3- It has to be borne in mind and the other widows and the members thereof need not be forwarded to the Railway Board for matters of compassionate appointment .
by a registered deed , the petitioner number 2 Devendra Mahto have purchased Plot No. 415 situated in the village from 5 to 7 , Chainpur .
therefore , it is the intention which is the essence of the crime .
after he attained majority on 7 April 1992 , an application for appointment on compassionate grounds was filed .
the circumference and the nature of a writ of mandamus expressly spelt out in the clause of the health of Hebrew is equally imperative . ”
he only stated that after being aware of the incident , he had informed the Station Master for necessary action .
even more so , in each case by the CBI would not be required to place burden upon the CBI and to direct investigation which is already overburdened .
the other articles were also recovered for which the seizure list was prepared .
( C ) Where the uncontroverted allegations made in the FIR or complaint and an additional evidence in support of the same do not disclose the commission of any offence and make out a case against the accused .
the appellant examined the author as well as one of the witnesses of attestation .
the informant had called upon the District Magistrate to clear the salary as he was facing difficulty .
accordingly , this application is allowed and the impugned order is quashed .
now we deal with the evidence of the attesting witness PW-11 .
the functions and responsibilities of the Committee have been described further in Section 30 of the said Act .
2- It is urged on the ground that the present investigating agency / State Police has been wholly careless , arbitrary , unconscionable , in the matter of investigation of the aforesaid case .
there is no explanation as to why he had purchased the property from the occupant .
question 2- The case of Narinder Kumar Ghosh at this point has been correctly decided and its ratio is hereby affirmed .
he deposed that after the case was registered , the investigation was handed over to him .
in the case of Double Kishore Singh ( supra ) , Justice S.S. Sanwalia , Chief Justice ( who was then in that position ) framed the following three issues : —
in the case of Narinder Kumar Ghosh ( supra ) no meaningful challenge can be reached .
7- We have heard learned counsels for the parties and we find that the right to seek compassionate appointment emerges from the policy of the employer .
as in the instant case , the averments made on their behalf as well as the direct challenge to the claim of the petitioner on each aspect , have been sought to be quashed at every step .
thus , in Para 96 of the decision in the case of Noor Aga , this Court has held that the prosecution has to produce samples in each case , even where the quantity has been allegedly destroyed .
he had seen Bijay Das taking away Makhan Kumar with him and Amit Das was following him .
3- The petitioner Shobha Kumari is the informant of the aforesaid Police Station Jakkanpur , P.S. Case No. 54 of 2010 and another petitioner is husband of Suresh Kumar Shobha Kumari .
except the petitioners , the situation is identical as that of the respondents in both the writ petitions .
17- In the case of R.Rajgopal Reddy vs. Papini Chandrasekaran reported in ( 1995 ) 2 SCC 630 , the Hon &apos;ble Supreme Court was asked to explain the Benami Transactions ( Prohibition ) Act , 1988 .
it must be remembered that &quot; law is the symbol of all wisdom .
his friend Samjeet Kumar Sharma and brother Manish Priyadarshitra were also championing the cause of beauty .
the inherent powers of criminal jurisdiction are meant to prevent the proceedings from being converted into a weapon .
this is so decided in the judgment reported as L.I.C. vs. Asha Ram Chandra Ambekar , ( 1994 ) 2 SCC 718 .
case laws . - ( 2002 ) 8 SCC 45 — Relied .
the appellant is the step-daughter of Rak Kunwar , who was the daughter-in-law of Ram Dei Kunwar .
it is not in order to assert a legal right , but in order to enforce it .
the institutions and bodies concerned are directed to be dealt with accordingly under the Act .
consequently , the CAT case is quashed under 179 year 2009 .
Hemanta Gupta , Acting Chief Justice . -Heard learned counsels for the parties .
hence , no offence is made out under the provisions of POCSO Act .
during cross-examination , it appears that the prosecution witness was not examined at any material point .
appointments to public service should be made according to Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution of India , strictly inviting applications to be Open and on the basis of comparative merit .
my son is the one who has done the right thing ; the more will be fearlessness . ”
the Registry shall now keep all these matters before a suitable Bench to dispose of the same on merits in the light of the answer given by us . &quot;
copy of the said certificate was also given to the District Child Protection Authority , Muzaffarpur .
he submitted that the alleged complaint is only informative and has been instituted with para-i-motive .
