And made the cloud spread shade over you, and sent for you manna and quails that you may eat of the good things We have made for you. No harm was done to Us, they only harmed themselves.
but he didn't respect Cain and his offering. Cain was very angry, and the expression on his face fell.
On the seventh day God finished his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.
Will you enjoin good deeds on the others and forget your own selves? You also read the Scriptures, why do you then not understand?
Lamech lived after he became the father of Noah five hundred ninety-five years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
Therefore a man will leave his father and his mother, and will join with his wife, and they will be one flesh.
for God knows that in the day you eat it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil."
Fulfil your devotional obligations and pay the zakat. And what you send ahead of good you will find with God, for He sees all that you do ill.
Say not (to the Prophet), O Believers: "Have regard for us (ra'ina)," but "look at us (unzurna)," and obey him in what he says. Painful is the nemesis for disbelievers.
But those who repent and reform and proclaim (the truth), are forgiven, for I am forgiving and merciful.
And anyone who fabricates lies about God even after this, is wicked indeed.
Remember, when Moses said to his people: "God demands that you sacrifice a cow," they said: "Are you making fun of us?" And he said: "God forbid that I be of the ignorant."
God said, "Let the waters swarm with swarms of living creatures, and let birds fly above the earth in the open expanse of sky."
Who will turn away from the creed of Abraham but one dull of soul? We made him the chosen one here in the world, and one of the best in the world to come,
Or like rain pouring from the sky which hides within it darkness, thunder and lightning. They thrust their fingers into their ears for safety against noise and death. But God surrounds those who believe not from all sides.
But the wicked changed and perverted the word We had spoken to a word distorted, and We sent from heaven retribution on the wicked, for they disobeyed.
Remember, when We asked the angels to bow in homage to Adam, they all bowed but Iblis, who disdained and turned insolent, and so became a disbeliever.
This is (requital) for the deeds you had committed, for God is not unjust to any of His creatures.
Remember, We saved you from the Pharaoh's people who wronged and oppressed you and slew your sons but spared your women: In this was a great favour from your Lord.
"Call on your Lord," they said, "to tell us the colour of the cow." "God says," answered Moses, "a fawn coloured cow, rich yellow, well pleasing to the eye."
O believers, come to full submission to God. Do not follow in the footsteps of Satan your acknowledged foe.
They were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.
He stayed yet another seven days, and sent out the dove; and she didn't return to him any more.
Who say when assailed by adversity: "Surely we are for God, and to Him we shall return."
Yahweh said to him, "Therefore whoever slays Cain, vengeance will be taken on him sevenfold." Yahweh appointed a sign for Cain, lest any finding him should strike him.
Do they not know that God is aware of what they hide and what they disclose?
And We have sent you with the truth to give glad tidings and to warn. You will not be questioned about those and who are inmates of Hell.
God said, "Who told you that you were naked? Have you eaten from the tree that I commanded you not to eat from?"
Then how can you disbelieve in God? He gave you life when you were dead. He will make you die again then bring you back to life: To Him then you will return.
The waters receded from the earth continually. After the end of one hundred fifty days the waters decreased.
Those to whom We have sent down the Book, and who read it as it should be read, believe in it truly; but those who deny it will be losers.
Now the earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters.
and the gold of that land is good. There is aromatic resin and the onyx stone.
And there are some who, though they say: "We believe in God and the Last Day," (in reality) do not believe.
Those who devour the possessions of the orphans unjustly devour only fire, and will surely burn in Hell.
Zillah also gave birth to Tubal Cain, the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron. Tubal Cain's sister was Naamah.
To Enoch was born Irad. Irad became the father of Mehujael. Mehujael became the father of Methushael. Methushael became the father of Lamech.
It will yield thorns and thistles to you; and you will eat the herb of the field.
But God is your protector, and He is the best of helpers.
But those who believe and do good deeds are people of Paradise, and shall live there forever.
So tell the disbelievers: "You will surely be subdued and driven to Hell: How bad a preparation!"
The waters prevailed exceedingly on the earth. All the high mountains that were under the whole sky were covered.
And they say: "Our hearts are enfolded in covers." In fact God has cursed them for their unbelief; and only a little do they believe.
Kenan lived after he became the father of Mahalalel eight hundred forty years, and became the father of sons and daughters
And those with bright faces shall be under God's grace and enjoy it for ever.
Why, they who have earned the wages of sin and are enclosed in error, are people of Hell, where they will abide for ever.
Cain said to Abel, his brother, "Let's go into the field." It happened when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel, his brother, and killed him.
How do you expect them to put their faith in you, when you know that some among them heard the word of God and, having understood, perverted it knowingly?
God said, "Let the earth yield grass, herbs yielding seed, and fruit trees bearing fruit after their kind, with its seed in it, on the earth"; and it was so.
Lamech said to his wives, "Adah and Zillah, hear my voice. You wives of Lamech, listen to my speech, for I have slain a man for wounding me, a young man for bruising me.
Be firm in devotion; give zakat (the due share of your wealth for the welfare of others), and bow with those who bow (before God).
Mahalalel lived after he became the father of Jared eight hundred thirty years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
These verses that We read to you are signs and reminder full of wisdom.
The waters prevailed fifteen cubits upward, and the mountains were covered.
We have sent clear signs to you, such as none can deny except those who transgress the truth.
"Call on your Lord for us," they said, "that He might inform us what kind she should be." "Neither old nor young, says God, but of age in between," answered Moses. "So do as you are bid."
God would like to lighten your burden, for man was created weak.
Remember, O children of Israel, the favours I bestowed on you, and made you exalted among the nations of the world.
This is the history of the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created, in the day that Yahweh God made the earth and the heavens.
Yahweh God said, "Behold, the man has become like one of us, knowing good and evil. Now, lest he reach out his hand, and also take of the tree of life, and eat, and live forever..."
Remember, We gave Moses the Book and Discernment of falsehood and truth, that you may be guided.
Yahweh God said, "It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him a helper suitable for him."
But they (the unbelievers) contrived a plot, and God did the like; and God's plan is the best.
God spoke to Noah and to his sons with him, saying,
O children of Israel, remember the favours I bestowed on you, and made you exalted among the nations of the world.
It happened, when men began to multiply on the surface of the ground, and daughters were born to them,
The man called his wife Eve, because she was the mother of all living.
Find strength in fortitude and prayer, which is heavy and exacting but for those who are humble and meek,
Yahweh saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually.
Enosh lived after he became the father of Kenan, eight hundred fifteen years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
Be not deceived by the comings and goings of unbelievers in the land.
Yet, remember, as We communed with Moses for forty nights you took the calf in his absence (and worshipped it), and you did wrong.
But if you cannot, as indeed you cannot, then guard yourselves against the Fire whose fuel is men and rocks, which has been prepared for the infidels.
Even then We revived you after you had become senseless that you might give thanks;
They went to Noah into the ship, by pairs of all flesh with the breath of life in them.
Creator of the heavens and the earth from nothingness, He has only to say when He wills a thing: "Be", and it is.
Yahweh was sorry that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him in his heart.
Do you not know that God's is the kingdom of the heavens and the earth, and that there is none to save and protect you apart from God?
Adam lived one hundred thirty years, and became the father of a son in his own likeness, after his image, and named him Seth.
God made the expanse, and divided the waters which were under the expanse from the waters which were above the expanse; and it was so.
The name of the third river is Hiddekel: this is the one which flows in front of Assyria. The fourth river is the Euphrates.
But you went back (on your word), and but for the mercy and grace of God you were lost.
O children of Israel, remember the favours I bestowed on you. So keep your pledge to Me, and I will mine to you, and be fearful of Me,
There are different ranks with God, And God sees everything you do.
See how they fabricate lies about God, which is a clear sin.
The truth is from your Lord, so be not among those who are sceptics.
The eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew that they were naked. They sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves aprons.
And when Abraham was raising the plinth of the House with Ishmael, (he prayed): "Accept this from us, O Lord, for You hear and know everything;
Take heed of the day when no man will be useful to man in the least, when no intercession matter nor ransom avail, nor help reach them.
On such men are the blessings of God and His mercy, for they are indeed on the right path.
They were descendants of one another; and God hears all and knows everything.
"Call on your Lord," they said, "to name its variety, as cows be all alike to us. If God wills we shall be guided aright."
Enoch walked with God after he became the father of Methuselah three hundred years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
So he drove out the man; and he placed Cherubs at the east of the garden of Eden, and the flame of a sword which turned every way, to guard the way to the tree of life.
Who are conscious that they have to meet their Lord, and to Him they have to return.
Adah gave birth to Jabal, who was the father of those who dwell in tents and have livestock.
The heavens and the earth were finished, and all their vast array.
The ship rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of the month, on Ararat's mountains.
Remember the day We made the covenant with you and exalted you on the Mount and said: "Hold fast to what We have given you, and remember what is therein that you may take heed."
The earth was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled with violence.
God blessed the seventh day, and made it holy, because he rested in it from all his work which he had created and made.
The man said, "This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh. She will be called 'woman,' because she was taken out of Man."
For such the requital is the curse of God and the angels and of men.
Yahweh God said to the woman, "What is this you have done?" The woman said, "The serpent deceived me, and I ate."
Thus Noah did. According to all that God commanded him, so he did.
and let them be for lights in the expanse of sky to give light on the earth"; and it was so.
You have no say in the matter if He pardon them or punish them, for they are unjust.
They (try to) deceive God and those who believe, yet deceive none but themselves although they do not know.
and all the days of Kenan were nine hundred ten years, then he died.
Yahweh God formed man from the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
Lamech lived one hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of a son,
Fight in the way of God, and remember that God hears all and knows everything.
You alone we worship, and to You alone turn for help.
All the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty-nine years, then he died.
God saw the light, and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness.
Yahweh God planted a garden eastward, in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed.
Although Moses had come to you with evidence of the truth, you chose the calf in his absence, and you transgressed.
Say: "Whosoever is the enemy of Gabriel who revealed the word of God to you by the dispensation of God, reaffirming what had been revealed before, and is a guidance and good news for those who believe, --
If you are in doubt of what We have revealed to Our votary, then bring a Surah like this, and call any witness, apart from God, you like, if you are truthful.
Remember, We parted the sea and saved you, and drowned the men of Pharaoh before your very eyes.
God said, "Behold, I have given you every herb yielding seed, which is on the surface of all the earth, and every tree, which bears fruit yielding seed. It will be your food.
If you do well, will it not be lifted up? If you don't do well, sin crouches at the door. Its desire is for you, but you are to rule over it."
His brother's name was Jubal, who was the father of all who handle the harp and pipe.
Cain said to Yahweh, "My punishment is greater than I can bear.
And We said to them: "Go, all of you. When I send guidance, whoever follows it will neither have fear nor regret;
All the days of Seth were nine hundred twelve years, then he died.
It happened after the seven days, that the waters of the flood came on the earth.
And make us submit, O Lord, to Your will, and our progeny a people submissive to You. Teach us the way of worship and forgive our trespasses, for You are compassionate and merciful;
(For) when his Lord said to him: "Obey," he replied: "I submit to the Lord of all the worlds."
He drank of the wine and got drunk. He was uncovered within his tent.
Fear the day when no man will stand up for man in the least, and no ransom avail nor intercession matter nor help reach.
To the woman he said, "I will greatly multiply your pain in childbirth. In pain you will bear children. Your desire will be for your husband, and he will rule over you."
They shall live under it, and none of their agony decrease nor be respite for them.
All the days of Enosh were nine hundred five years, then he died.
Had they come to believe instead, and taken heed for themselves, they would surely have earned from God a far better reward. If only they had sense!
Yahweh said to Cain, "Why are you angry? Why has the expression of your face fallen?
O people of the Book, why do you mix the false with the true, and hide the truth knowingly?
and to rule over the day and over the night, and to divide the light from the darkness. God saw that it was good.
And if you die or are killed, even so it is to God that you will return.
This is so that God may try the faithful and destroy the unbelievers.
Remember, when you said to Moses: "We shall not believe in you until we see God face to face," lightning struck you as you looked.
They are those who bought the life of the world at the cost of the life to come; and neither will their torment decrease nor help reach them.
These three were the sons of Noah, and from these, the whole earth was populated.
God said, "Let there be an expanse in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters."
He said, "Canaan is cursed. He will be servant of servants to his brothers."
Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his youngest son had done to him.
Their commerce is but short-lived, and then their abode shall be Hell: And what an evil abode!
When a messenger was sent to them by God affirming the Books they had already received, some of them put (His message) behind their backs as if they had no knowledge of it.
God had chosen Adam and Noah and the families of Abraham and 'Imran in preference to others.
And they say: "None will go to Paradise but the Jews and the Christians;" but this is only wishful thinking. Say: "Bring the proof if you are truthful."
God made the two great lights: the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night. He also made the stars.
Do not confuse truth with falsehood, nor conceal the truth knowingly.
and he named him Noah, saying, "This same will comfort us in our work and in the toil of our hands, because of the ground which Yahweh has cursed."
So adore your Lord, O Mary, and pay homage and bow with those who bow in prayer."
Yet they are surely mischief-mongers, even though they do not know.
went by pairs to Noah into the ship, male and female, as God commanded Noah.
Yahweh God called to the man, and said to him, "Where are you?"
God saw everything that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. There was evening and there was morning, a sixth day.
Then He gave Adam knowledge of the nature and reality of all things and everything, and set them before the angels and said: "Tell Me the names of these if you are truthful."
God called the expanse "sky." There was evening and there was morning, a second day.
All the days that Adam lived were nine hundred thirty years, then he died.
The deep's fountains and the sky's windows were also stopped, and the rain from the sky was restrained.
He made the rib, which Yahweh God had taken from the man, into a woman, and brought her to the man.
but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat of it; for in the day that you eat of it you will surely die."
From now on, when you till the ground, it won't yield its strength to you. You shall be a fugitive and a wanderer in the earth."
God: there is no god but He, the living, eternal, self-subsisting, ever sustaining.
Making a fair provision for women who are divorced is the duty of those who are God-fearing and pious.
When asked to believe as others do, they say: "Should we believe like fools?" And yet they are the fools, even though they do not know.
Tell them: "If you think you alone will abide with God to the exclusion of the rest of Mankind, in the mansions of the world to come, then wish for death if what you say is true."
Yet they say that God has begotten a son. May He be praised! Indeed everything in the heavens and the earth belongs to Him, and all are obedient to God.
All the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty-two years, then he died.
Do you think you will go to Paradise while God does not know who among you strive and persist?
They have found the guidance of their Lord and will be successful.
All the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy-seven years, then he died.
They bartered their lives ill denying the revelation of God out of spite that God should bestow His grace among His votaries on whomsoever He will, and thus earned wrath upon wrath. The punishment for disbelievers is ignominious.
Yahweh said, "I will destroy man whom I have created from the surface of the ground; man, along with animals, creeping things, and birds of the sky; for I am sorry that I have made them."
Noah became the father of three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
Methuselah lived one hundred eighty-seven years, and became the father of Lamech.
The man said, "The woman whom you gave to be with me, she gave me of the tree, and I ate."
Only he who surrenders to God with all his heart and also does good, will find his reward with his Lord, and will have no fear or regret.
God said, "Let there be lights in the expanse of sky to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years;
And they said: "Glory to You (O Lord), knowledge we have none except what You have given us, for You are all-knowing and all-wise."
The earth yielded grass, herbs yielding seed after their kind, and trees bearing fruit, with its seed in it, after their kind; and God saw that it was good.
Then his Lord sent commands to Adam and turned towards him: Indeed He is compassionate and kind.
They heard the voice of Yahweh God walking in the garden in the cool of the day, and the man and his wife hid themselves from the presence of Yahweh God among the trees of the garden.
To every animal of the earth, and to every bird of the sky, and to everything that creeps on the earth, in which there is life, I have given every green herb for food"; and it was so.
And believe in what I have sent down which verifies what is already with you; and do not be the first to deny it, nor part with it for little gain; and beware of Me.
God made the animals of the earth after their kind, and the livestock after their kind, and everything that creeps on the ground after its kind. God saw that it was good.
Now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which Yahweh God had made. He said to the woman, "Has God really said, 'You shall not eat of any tree of the garden?'"
who say: "O Lord, we believe; forgive our trespasses and save us the torment of Hell."
Under which they will live, and their suffering will neither decrease nor be respite for them.
Your God is one God; there is no god other than He, the compassionate, ever-merciful.
O people of the Book, why do you disbelieve the signs of God having witnessed them yourselves?
Obey God and the Prophet, that you may be treated with mercy.
Noah was five hundred years old, and Noah became the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
And this verily is the true account. There is no god but God, and God is all-mighty and all-wise.
"As for me, behold, I establish my covenant with you, and with your offspring after you,
O believers, fear God as He should be feared, and do not die but submitting (to Him).
In retribution there is life (and preservation). O men of sense, you may haply take heed for yourselves.
The rain was on the earth forty days and forty nights.
This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, he made him in God's likeness.
God blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
To God belong the East and the West. Wherever you turn the glory of God is everywhere: All-pervading is He and all-knowing.
Say: "Obey God and His Messenger;" and if they refuse (then remember) God does not love disbelievers.
Neither was Abraham a Jew nor a Christian, but upright and obedient, and not an idolater.
When We cancel a message (sent to an earlier prophet) or throw it into oblivion, We replace it with one better or one similar. Do you not know that God has power over all things?
And if they are bent on divorce, God hears all and knows everything.
but a mist went up from the earth, and watered the whole surface of the ground.
Adam knew his wife again. She gave birth to a son, and named him Seth, "for God has appointed me another child instead of Abel, for Cain killed him."
Clean animals, animals that are not clean, birds, and everything that creeps on the ground
but of the fruit of the tree which is in the middle of the garden, God has said, 'You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest you die.'"
You know and have known already those among you who had broken the sanctity of the Sabbath, and to whom We had said: "Become (like) apes despised,"
Among them are heathens who know nothing of the Book but only what they wish to believe, and are only lost in fantasies.
God blessed them, saying, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and let birds multiply on the earth."
The path of those You have blessed, Not of those who have earned Your anger, nor those who have gone astray.
As time passed, it happened that Cain brought an offering to Yahweh from the fruit of the ground.
God has sealed their hearts and ears, and veiled their eyes. For them is great deprivation.
Again she gave birth, to Cain's brother Abel. Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
But those who deny and reject Our signs will belong to Hell, and there abide unchanged."
O believers, fear God and forego the interest that is owing, if you really believe.
Now you are cursed because of the ground, which has opened its mouth to receive your brother's blood from your hand.
All the days of Mahalalel were eight hundred ninety-five years, then he died.
He said, "Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Shem. Let Canaan be his servant.
The woman said to the serpent, "Of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat,
God said, "Let the earth produce living creatures after their kind, livestock, creeping things, and animals of the earth after their kind"; and it was so.
So, therefore, remember Me, and I shall remember you; and give thanks and do not be ungrateful.
Whoever sheds man's blood, his blood will be shed by man, for God made man in his own image.
Be fruitful and multiply. Increase abundantly in the earth, and multiply in it."
Jared lived one hundred sixty-two years, and became the father of Enoch.
Surely God is my Lord, and your Lord, so worship Him; and this is the right path.
Yahweh God caused a deep sleep to fall on the man, and he slept; and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh in its place.
Lamech took two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
Do you too, O believers, wish to question your Apostle as Moses was in the past? But he who takes unbelief in exchange for belief only strays from the right path.
Sick are their hearts, and God adds to their malady. For them is suffering for they lie.
In the second month, on the twenty-seventh day of the month, the earth was dry.
Seth lived one hundred five years, and became the father of Enosh.
He created them male and female, and blessed them, and called their name "Adam," in the day when they were created.
Whosoever is the enemy of God and His angels and apostles, and of Gabriel and Michael, then God is the enemy of such unbelievers."
God created man in his own image. In God's image he created him; male and female he created them.
Who, having sealed it, break God's covenant, dividing what He ordained cohered; and those who spread discord in the land will suffer assuredly.
If Cain will be avenged seven times, truly Lamech seventy-seven times."
But Satan tempted them and had them banished from the (happy) state they were in. And We said: "Go, one the antagonist of the other, and live on the earth for a time ordained, and fend for yourselves."
The name of the first is Pishon: this is the one which flows through the whole land of Havilah, where there is gold;
But those who repent and reform, God is surely forgiving and merciful.
Seth lived after he became the father of Enosh eight hundred seven years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
"Go out of the ship, you, and your wife, and your sons, and your sons' wives with you.
Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brothers outside.
And send to them, O Lord, an apostle from among them to impart Your messages to them, and teach them the Book and the wisdom, and correct them in every way; for indeed You are mighty and wise.
When they meet the faithful they say: "We believe;" but when alone with the devils (their fellows), they say: "We are really with you; we were joking."
So, O you people, adore your Lord who created you, as He did those before you, that you could take heed for yourselves and fear Him
God set them in the expanse of sky to give light to the earth,
Yahweh said, "What have you done? The voice of your brother's blood cries to me from the ground.
Surely the believers and the Jews, Nazareans and the Sabians, whoever believes in God and the Last Day, and whosoever does right, shall have his reward with his Lord and will neither have fear nor regret.
The man knew Eve his wife. She conceived, and gave birth to Cain, and said, "I have gotten a man with Yahweh's help."
Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters came on the earth.
The days of Adam after he became the father of Seth were eight hundred years, and he became the father of sons and daughters.
This is The Book free of doubt and involution, a guidance for those who preserve themselves from evil and follow the straight path,
He may choose whom He likes for His favours, for great is His bounty.
But they will surely not wish for death because of what they had done in the past; and God knows the sinners well.
The man said, "I heard your voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself."
"O Lord, we believe in Your revelations and follow this Apostle. Enroll us among the witnesses."
When asked to desist from spreading corruption in the land they say: "Why, we are reformers."
God said, "Let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear"; and it was so.
There was also born a son to Seth, and he named him Enosh. Then men began to call on Yahweh's name.
But flesh with its life, its blood, you shall not eat.
Enoch walked with God, and he was not, for God took him.
Yahweh said, "My Spirit will not strive with man forever, because he also is flesh; yet will his days be one hundred twenty years."
They are like a man who kindles a fire, and when its glow has illumined the air God takes away their light leaving them in the dark where they will not be able to see.
Who made the earth a bed for you, the sky a canopy, and sends forth rain from the skies that fruits may grow -- your food and sustenance. So, do not make another the equal of God knowingly.
Noah went out, with his sons, his wife, and his sons' wives with him.
But God will turn the joke against them and allow them to sink deeper into evil and wander perplexed in their wickedness.
Yahweh said to Cain, "Where is Abel, your brother?" He said, "I don't know. Am I my brother's keeper?"
By the sweat of your face will you eat bread until you return to the ground, for out of it you were taken. For you are dust, and to dust you shall return."
The man gave names to all livestock, and to the birds of the sky, and to every animal of the field; but for man there was not found a helper suitable for him.
And We said to Adam: "Both you and your spouse live in the Garden, eat freely to your fill wherever you like, but approach not this tree or you will become transgressors.
This is the truth from your Lord, so do not be in doubt.
"We have taken the colouring of God; and whose shade is better than God's? Him alone we worship."
So do not lose heart or be grieved, for you will surely prevail if you are believers.
He will ask you to indulge in evil, indecency, and to speak lies of God you cannot even conceive.
He stayed yet another seven days; and again he sent the dove out of the ship.
For God's is the kingdom of the heavens and the earth, and God's is the power over all things.
I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and her offspring. He will bruise your head, and you will bruise his heel."
The Nephilim were in the earth in those days, and also after that, when God's sons came in to men's daughters. They bore children to them. Those were the mighty men who were of old, men of renown.
Cain went out from Yahweh's presence, and lived in the land of Nod, east of Eden.
Yahweh God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden you may freely eat;
The name of the second river is Gihon: the same river that flows through the whole land of Cush.
The waters prevailed, and increased greatly on the earth; and the ship floated on the surface of the waters.
And whom We made an example for the people (of the day) and those after them, and warning for those who fear God.
God created the large sea creatures, and every living creature that moves, with which the waters swarmed, after their kind, and every winged bird after its kind. God saw that it was good.
They are indeed those who bartered away good guidance for error and gained nothing from the deal, nor found the right way.
Cain knew his wife. She conceived, and gave birth to Enoch. He built a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his son, Enoch.
He made for you all that lies within the earth, then turning to the firmament He proportioned several skies: He has knowledge of everything.
We had pronounced already: "Slay (the murderer) for (taking a life)." Thus God preserves life from death and shows you His signs that you may understand.
And remember, when We made a covenant with you whereby you agreed you will neither shed blood among you nor turn your people out of their homes, you promised, and are witness to it too.
Who believe in what has been revealed to you and what was revealed to those before you, and are certain of the Hereafter.
Yahweh God made coats of skins for Adam and for his wife, and clothed them.
He will teach him the Law and the judgement, and the Torah and the Gospel,
There is nothing in the earth and the heavens that is hidden from God.
Methuselah lived after he became the father of Lamech seven hundred eighty-two years, and became the father of sons and daughters.
God called the dry land "earth," and the gathering together of the waters he called "seas." God saw that it was good.
